Chandler: All right Joey, be nice.  So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.
Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Chandler: Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Chandler: That's right.
Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Chandler: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Chandler: Cookie?
Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)
Chandler: (imitating the characters) Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!
Chandler: (re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Chandler: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Chandler: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Chandler: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Chandler: It's a beautiful thing.
Chandler: I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
Chandler: I have no idea.
Chandler: All finished!
Chandler: Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
Chandler: Oh, God.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: You must stop! (Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)
Chandler: Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento.   You, however have had the love of a woman for four years.   Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it!  I don't think that was my point!
Chandler: Stay out of my freezer! [Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Paul are still eating.]
Chandler: Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
Chandler: That is amazing.
Chandler: If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Chandler: Hi, Paul, is it?
Chandler: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Chandler: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Chandler: You're right, I'm sorry. (Burst into song and dances out of the door.) "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
Chandler: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me...
Chandler: (as Rachel is cutting up her cards) Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Chandler: Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. (Rachel sits down to hear Chandler's dream.)
Chandler: Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-
Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Chandler: The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Chandler: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... (sees that Monica is glaring at him) ...now I wish I was dead.
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Chandler: (looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Chandler: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
Chandler: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Chandler: ...Dinah?
Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Chandler: Boys? We're going in.
Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Chandler: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
Chandler: What does she do?
Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
Chandler: I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Chandler: Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
Chandler: "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
Chandler: Hey, that was really good!
Chandler: Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?"
Chandler: "Smoke away."
Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
Chandler: Relax your hand!
Chandler: Not so much!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Alright, now try taking a puff.
Chandler: Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.
Chandler: It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Chandler: Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
Chandler: Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. (Takes a puff.) Oh.. my.. God. (He continues to smoke.)
Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.
Chandler: And this- is my reward!
Chandler: Okay, so this time I won't quit!
Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.)
Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression)
Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan.
Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair!
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
Chandler: Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Chandler: Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.)
Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Chandler: (deadpan) Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
Chandler: (sarcastic) Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
Chandler: ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.
Chandler: (leaving) I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Chandler: (returns) Yeah, alright.
Chandler: Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Chandler: You got waaaay too much free time.
Chandler: Happy birthday, pal!
Chandler: Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Chandler: Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
Chandler: (trying to stop Ross leaving) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (Pretending to punch him in the stomach.) Huh? Huh? Huh?
Chandler: (stops) I have no idea.
Chandler: You got it.
Chandler: (looking) Oh, this is not that bad.
Chandler: ...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! (Passes it to Joey.)
Chandler: We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Chandler: Yes, Bunny?
Chandler: (to Joey) Could've been a peach.
Chandler: What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Chandler: (to Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Chandler: He's open!
Chandler: Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!
Chandler: (to the receptionist)'Scuse me.
Chandler: Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (The receptionist glares at him.)
Chandler: Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (She slides the gladd panel over and Chandler talks through it in a loud voice.) Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (To the waiting room.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (She slides the panel back, he turns, and it takes him by surprise.) Ba-!
Chandler: Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Chandler: Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Chandler: Then what?
Chandler: So in your whole life, you've only been with one—(He gets a look too)—oh.
Chandler: I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...
Chandler: No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (Ross enters off camera)
Chandler: Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Chandler: You gotta do it, man.
Chandler: Thanks. (The guy nods and leaves)
Chandler: Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
Chandler: Alright. (on phone) Yes, this is Rachel.
Chandler: To the left, to the left- aww! (They all collapse)
Chandler: We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Chandler: So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Chandler: Not a one.
Chandler: Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler: No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Chandler: Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Chandler: Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Chandler: Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Chandler: It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Chandler: Yuh-huh.
Chandler: Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear—you want it to be dirty?
Chandler: Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Chandler: There you go.
Chandler: Where are they? Where are they?
Chandler: It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Chandler: Here we go.
Chandler: Hey, Janice.
Chandler: Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: (covering) What... did you get me there?
Chandler: Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
Chandler: That's great.
Chandler: Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Chandler: That's it?
Chandler: Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.
Chandler: Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Chandler: Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, (Chandler flails his hand out and hits Janice in the eye)... boom.
Chandler: Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
Chandler: (to Phoebe) I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Chandler: Oh, I don't know, a million?
Chandler: I'm fine.
Chandler: I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Chandler: How do you do that?
Chandler: We should always always break up together.
Chandler: I'm free! I'm free!
Chandler: You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Chandler: (staring at a woman across the room) Ross, ten o'clock.
Chandler: No, ten o'clock.
Chandler: (sighs and gestures to explain) There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
Chandler: She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Chandler: Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Chandler: Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Chandler: Thank you, buddy.
Chandler: Y'think?
Chandler: Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Chandler: Here goes. (He walks over to her but just stands there.)
Chandler: Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh...(He clears his throat noisily)...hi.
Chandler: Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (He walks back to the others but she calls him back.)
Chandler: (running back) She said yes!! She said yes!! (To Joey) Awful play, man. Whoah. (To All) Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. (To Joey) Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. (He fishes a card out of his pocket.)
Chandler: Hey, kids.
Chandler: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Chandler: It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Chandler: Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Chandler: We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Chandler: Who's Rick?
Chandler: Oh, so you're divorced?
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Chandler: So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Chandler: Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Chandler: So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Chandler: ...Hm.
Chandler: What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Chandler: Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Chandler: Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Chandler: Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Chandler: Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Chandler: Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
Chandler: C'mon, we're roommates! (He goes into the bathroom, screams, and runs back out.) My eyes!! My eyes!!
Chandler: Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Chandler: Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. (He starts to raid the fridge.)
Chandler: No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? (He has armloads of stuff.)
Chandler: God, I love these fingers...
Chandler: No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Chandler: Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (He kisses her and pulls her back down.)
Chandler: Don't go.
Chandler: (to himself) Too bad, she's leaving.
Chandler: Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
Chandler: What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
Chandler: I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Chandler: Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Chandler: Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Chandler: You.
Chandler: Nono, just you.
Chandler: Lose the other guys.
Chandler: C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Chandler: ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Chandler: I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Chandler: ...The second guy.
Chandler: Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Chandler: (to Ross) "Big guy?"
Chandler: Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Chandler: Oh, great. This is just...
Chandler: Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Chandler: She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (pause) Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Chandler: Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
Chandler: Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
Chandler: Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
Chandler: There you go!
Chandler: You're definitely scaring here.
Chandler: Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. (takes phone)
Chandler: Hey, it's me.
Chandler: Yeah, I'm fine. (trying to cover up what he is saying) I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Chandler: I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
Chandler: (angry) Put Joey on the phone.
Chandler: I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.
Chandler: Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.
Chandler: Um, is it sugarless?
Chandler: Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Chandler: You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. (Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look) 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Chandler: (chewing gum) Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Chandler: Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth. (Chandler slyly grabs the gum from the wall and slides it back in his mouth.)
Chandler: Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... (grimacing) ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Chandler: (gasping) Yes... thank you. That was... that was....
Chandler: OK.
Chandler: Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Chandler: Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Chandler: Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Chandler: Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Chandler: Yes please.
Chandler: He's a he?
Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Chandler: You did?
Chandler: Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Chandler: Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
Chandler: WHAT IS IT?!
Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
Chandler: I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
Chandler: Hey, gorgeous.
Chandler: No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Chandler: So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
Chandler: ...Quality, right, great.
Chandler: Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?
Chandler: Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.
Chandler: No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Chandler: Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.
Chandler: Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Chandler: You are a frightening, frightening man.
Chandler: Oh, no-
Chandler: Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Who are those people?
Chandler: Hey, Lowell.
Chandler: So how's it going there in Financial Services?
Chandler: Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Chandler: Really.
Chandler: So- you can tell?
Chandler: So you don't think I have a, a quality?
Chandler: He is?
Chandler: Out of my league. I could get a Brian. (Brian enters behind him) If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. (Sees him) Hey, Brian.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Chandler: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Chandler: Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Chandler: Yes, every single one of them.
Chandler: I thought it was $98.50.
Chandler: I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old.
Chandler: We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Chandler: Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Chandler: Tonight, on a very special Blossom.
Chandler: Oh, you must stop shooping.
Chandler: No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
Chandler: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
Chandler: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Chandler: No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Chandler: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Chandler: Do either of you have the keys?
Chandler: (sarcastic) For an emergency just like this.
Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Chandler: Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
Chandler: Shall I carve?
Chandler: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Chandler: Here, here!
Chandler: Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Chandler: Might wanna open with the snowman.
Chandler: Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Chandler: It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Chandler: Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
Chandler: (Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Chandler: Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Chandler: I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
Chandler: I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
Chandler: Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Chandler: Aah, y'killing me!
Chandler: Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Chandler: Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Chandler: Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
Chandler: I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Chandler: That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Chandler: Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Chandler: With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Chandler: Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
Chandler: You remember Janice.
Chandler: (Imitating) But you found me!
Chandler: Kill me. Kill me now.
Chandler: Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Chandler: I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Chandler: Oh, will you give me the thing. (Snatches the camera)
Chandler: (To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)
Chandler: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Chandler: And the moment of joy is upon us.
Chandler: Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. (Makes kiss noise)
Chandler: Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Chandler: Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Chandler: Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Chandler: Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Chandler: Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Chandler: You can say that because she's not your mom.
Chandler: Shhh, busy beaming with pride.
Chandler: Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
Chandler: THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
Chandler: This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
Chandler: ...And then he burst into flames.
Chandler: Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken.
Chandler: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Chandler: I know I am.
Chandler: Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Chandler: What are you guys doing out here?
Chandler: Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. (Goes back inside and shuts the door)
Chandler: Oh my God.
Chandler: I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: (To Joey) You knew about this?
Chandler: I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Chandler: (To Ross) I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Chandler: Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Chandler: I can't believe you did this. (Walks toward the door)
Chandler: I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Chandler: You gotta let me slam the door! (Leaves; slams the door)
Chandler: What was that?
Chandler: Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? (Goes to the counter)
Chandler: Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Chandler: Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!
Chandler: That's very funny. We done now?
Chandler: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Chandler: No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Chandler: You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect.
Chandler: Really stupid.
Chandler: Yeah. No. No...
Chandler: Yeah, okay.
Chandler: Nice save.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Yeah, why not. (They shake hands) So I told her.
Chandler: Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.
Chandler: Pretty good! I told her.
Chandler: No-no-no-no, we're done.
Chandler: And, we're done with the yogurt. (Sets yogurt down on table)
Chandler: (to Ross) Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Chandler: Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever!
Chandler: You think?
Chandler: Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
Chandler: What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Chandler: Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Chandler: Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Chandler: What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Chandler: You think we're ready for something like that?
Chandler: Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Chandler: I'm not moving out.
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...
Chandler: It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
Chandler: Aw, don't do that
Chandler: Fine. (Joey and Chandler walk towards the door)
Chandler: More coffee over here, please!
Chandler: So what are you gonna do?
Chandler: Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
Chandler: That's patio furniture!
Chandler: (gesturing towards another table) What about the birds?
Chandler: You pick one.
Chandler: Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Chandler: Not like that, I won't! (pauses) Kip would have liked the birds! (Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look)
Chandler: So, what do you think?
Chandler: I know!
Chandler: What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Chandler: My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! (Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same direction)
Chandler: Wha-
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Yeah, get out!
Chandler: (to Joey) One more game?
Chandler: I'm sorry!
Chandler: Rachel, wait, wait.
Chandler: Can I just say one thing?
Chandler: That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Chandler: Oh, yes, could I have one of those. (Points)
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Chandler: It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Chandler: Okaaay, (Gestures) rock, hard place, me.
Chandler: Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Chandler: Huh.
Chandler: Uhhuh, how did you know that?
Chandler: (Without looking up) What? (Looks up) What?
Chandler: Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Chandler: Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
Chandler: (Sarcastic) Oh, good. Rog is here.
Chandler: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Chandler: Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.
Chandler: Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
Chandler: Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
Chandler: So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
Chandler: C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Chandler: Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?
Chandler: Well, you're gonna.
Chandler: Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Chandler: Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Chandler: No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Chandler: Yeah. I really do.
Chandler: Get off!
Chandler: (Comes out of his room) What? What?
Chandler: Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.
Chandler: Basically we just feel that he's...
Chandler: Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Chandler: If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
Chandler: Any contact?
Chandler: Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian—I don't think we need a third...
Chandler: I think it's winning.
Chandler: She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend.
Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.
Chandler: Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Chandler: Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Chandler: Yes! Way to go, man! (Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.) Still got the egg, huh?
Chandler: Oh, uh, I... don't... care. (Joey's date shows up) Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Chandler: ...And what did you bring?
Chandler: Janice?
Chandler: (angrily) Hey, it's Janice.
Chandler: Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Chandler: Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Chandler: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. (gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear) Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Chandler: That's OK.
Chandler: (disgusted) What? What can't you do?
Chandler: Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Chandler: Ok, you can not do this to me.
Chandler: I hope she throws up on you.
Chandler: So...
Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night!
Chandler: Excuse me. (gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him) How ya doin'?
Chandler: Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Chandler: You got it. Good woman! (the waiter turns around, it's a man) Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Chandler: That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. (to Janice) I've always wanted to know...
Chandler: No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
Chandler: Ok, well, this was very special.
Chandler: Janice is gonna go away now.
Chandler: Oh, good, Joey's home now.
Chandler: How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Chandler: Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
Chandler: Hi, Just Janice.
Chandler: Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. (reading the candy) Chan and Jan Forever.
Chandler: Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Chandler: (surprised) It is?
Chandler: Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Chandler: Oh, no I don't.
Chandler: I did, but...
Chandler: Call me!
Chandler: Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Chandler: Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. (Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.) Nothing.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
Chandler: So.... I quit.
Chandler: Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Chandler: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Chandler: It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Chandler: Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Chandler: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Chandler: Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Chandler: Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Chandler: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Chandler: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the "a-gogo."
Chandler: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Chandler: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Chandler: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Chandler: Who are you going out with?
Chandler: And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Chandler: Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Chandler: Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Chandler: Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Chandler: (tastes it) Well.... it is amouz-ing...
Chandler: You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. (dead silence) Amouz-bouche? (holds out tray)
Chandler: (smiling)....with??
Chandler: It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Chandler: Again?
Chandler: (on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)
Chandler: Well?
Chandler: Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)
Chandler: Yes indeedy! (they look outside) With a beautiful view of...
Chandler: (walks away from window) OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Chandler: This is great! (he presses a button on his intercom) Helen, could you come in here for a moment?
Chandler: Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
Chandler: Last time I do that, I promise.
Chandler: (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa....
Chandler: This is unbelievable. It’s been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you’d be looking like a ham right about now.
Chandler: It’s Phoebe! Hi!
Chandler: Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?
Chandler: Can we start over?
Chandler: All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn’t look exactly like her sister.
Chandler: They’re twins!
Chandler: You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?
Chandler: Let’s not do that any more.
Chandler: Your sister Ursula.
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...
Chandler: Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven’t talked in like years.
Chandler: Oh, and I’ve got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
Chandler: And (he imitates the buzzer) to you too, Helen.
Chandler: Oh, okay. Send her in.
Chandler: Hi, Nina. Come on in.
Chandler: Uh, Yes. Yes. I’ve just been going over your data here, and little thing, you’ve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Chandler: Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.
Chandler: WENUS. (Coughs) Weekly Estimated Net...
Chandler: It’s not just that she’s cute, okay. It’s just that... she’s really really cute.
Chandler: (Looking out at the balcony) So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Chandler: Hey, where you been?
Chandler: Score.
Chandler: Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err... (he indicates Phoebe, who is helping Ross understand the remote control.)
Chandler: Mr. D, how’s it going, sir?
Chandler: And?
Chandler: So what does this mean?
Chandler: Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very –
Chandler: Nina? Nina. (He goes around his desk to where she is sitting.) Nina. (In pain) Nina.
Chandler: (Looking down at her hand) Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please don’t hate me.
Chandler: (Suddenly bright) Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Chandler: Well, you still haven’t taken down the Christmas lights.
Chandler: I’m just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Chandler: You know, once you’re inside, you don’t have to knock any more.
Chandler: Wow, this is serious. I’ve never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Chandler: Knit, good woman, knit, knit!
Chandler: And that’s the Chrysler Building right there.
Chandler: Yes, yes she is. Didn’t I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Chandler: And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Chandler: Oh, no, no. Nina... (miming fairies twinkling around his head) ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
Chandler: And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Chandler: Well, I guess that’s why they call it psychology, sir.
Chandler: You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Chandler: Ah, sure, Nina. What’s up?
Chandler: Oh, well, ah... maybe that’s because they’re ah... jealous, of us.
Chandler: Ah, well, maybe that’s, ah, because you’re getting a big raise.
Chandler: Sure, why not?
Chandler: Oh, you don’t know. (Presses a button.) Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder’s raise?
Chandler: Helen drinks. (Insincerely) Will you marry me?
Chandler: Well, I ended up telling her everything.
Chandler: Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. (He holds up a bandaged hand.) Little tip: if you’re ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... (he mimes Nina taking her revenge) ..on the desk.
Chandler: You’re not gonna lose him.
Chandler: What are you crazy? That's a baby!
Chandler: Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Chandler: Well, only if you order stuff.
Chandler: There it is! So what're you gonna do?
Chandler: And your friend Phoebe?
Chandler: Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.
Chandler: Alright, what have we learned so far?
Chandler: (Reading) "Happy Birthday Peehe."
Chandler: Did you see Betty?
Chandler: Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
Chandler: Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Chandler: You know, you think I would.
Chandler: What's up with the simian?
Chandler: Okay... (returning to the board) ..whose turn is it?
Chandler: No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.
Chandler: Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
Chandler: We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.'
Chandler: (Tapping Ross on his shoulder) So, you feel like a dad yet?
Chandler: Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
Chandler: �Pudo aver sido General Tso! (It could've been General Sal!)
Chandler: Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
Chandler: You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Chandler: Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Chandler: ...little playthings with yarn?
Chandler: Could you want her more?
Chandler: (sarcastically) Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.
Chandler: We're not—we're not saying anything.
Chandler: (to the girls) We were playing poker, alright...
Chandler: And then he did.
Chandler: There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Chandler: (teaching) OK, so now we draw cards.
Chandler: OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Chandler: (changing subject) OK, so at this point, the dealer...
Chandler: OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. (holds up two cards) Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. (Joey is unamused) Alright babe, deal the cards.
Chandler: Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Chandler: The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Chandler: Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Chandler: Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Chandler: Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? (mimicking): "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Chandler: Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Chandler: Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
Chandler: That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Chandler: Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Chandler: Couldn't be more out. (throws in cards)
Chandler: Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Chandler: Call.
Chandler: (to Ross): What do you need, what do you need?
Chandler: Alright, here's ten. (gives it to him)
Chandler: Good luck.
Chandler: (to Ross): I thought we had them!
Chandler: Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
Chandler: Go.
Chandler: Toootal chick-flick.
Chandler: They're still just friends, right?
Chandler: I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Chandler: I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Chandler: I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Chandler: Rachel lost Marcel.
Chandler: Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Chandler: Marcel?
Chandler: Marcel?
Chandler: Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
Chandler: Yes have you seen any?
Chandler: Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Chandler: Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Chandler: Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Chandler: Marcel?!
Chandler: Eh. I thought that was an alp.
Chandler: Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Chandler: I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
Chandler: I feel violated. And not in a good way.
Chandler: I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right?
Chandler: Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (Calls her, then hurriedly hangs up.) I got her machine.
Chandler: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Chandler: (bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
Chandler: Hey Rach!
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: I have my reasons.
Chandler: (on phone, reading from a script) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (Rattles some dishes) Bye-bye. (Hangs up.) Oh God!
Chandler: Hey, I've been honing!
Chandler: Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Chandler: What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.
Chandler: Can I use your phone?
Chandler: Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Chandler: Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Chandler: Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.
Chandler: She answered.
Chandler: I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
Chandler: If it helps, I could slide over.
Chandler: Hello? Hello?
Chandler: So how's Mindy?
Chandler: Hell is filled with people like you.
Chandler: ...And boogie!
Chandler: Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
Chandler: Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Chandler: I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Chandler: No! (Calls) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! (Listens) I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. (Listens) Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. (Listens) Okay. (Puts down the phone.) (to Monica) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (He starts doing a little jig.) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Chandler: 'S'why I'm dancing...
Chandler: Ring dammit, ring!
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: (investigating) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Chandler: Nngghhh!!!!!!!
Chandler: Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
Chandler: What are you doing here?
Chandler: ...I'm, I'm okay.
Chandler: That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: ...I dunno.
Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
Chandler: Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Chandler: How about Joey... Pepponi?
Chandler: Joey... Switzerland?
Chandler: Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?
Chandler: Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
Chandler: Might wanna try Joseph.
Chandler: Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
Chandler: She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Chandler: So what does this mean?
Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Chandler: Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Chandler: ...Take off their hats!
Chandler: You're kidding.
Chandler: Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Chandler: ...He's in.
Chandler: Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Chandler: Tell me what?
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Chandler: Wow!
Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?
Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)
Chandler: You're okay there?
Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
Chandler: Hello Rachel.
Chandler: Pirates again?
Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
Chandler: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. (Ross looks at her.) It's a whole big boob story.
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Chandler: When we were?
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Chandler: Can you hear that?
Chandler: See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
Chandler: I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Ah!
Chandler: Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Bye bye.
Chandler: (answering it) Yes?
Chandler: Ooh. (leans against the desk)
Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.
Chandler: Why not?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Noho. Who doesn't they like me?
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Chandler: I can't belive it.
Chandler: They do me?
Chandler: I don't sound like that.
Chandler: Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true.
Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Chandler: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Chandler: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Chandler: Tyrannosaurus!
Chandler: Work people? Nobody told me.
Chandler: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Chandler: You think I should?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Then, I don't get it.
Chandler: They do?
Chandler: I just wan't to...
Chandler: But I just wa...
Chandler: Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Chandler: You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Chandler: Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
Chandler: (doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.
Chandler: Yeah, like in a cab...
Chandler: Okay, hating this.
Chandler: Here we go, here we go.
Chandler: Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Chandler: You have to pick your moments.
Chandler: I used to have that bumper sticker.
Chandler: (to Rachel) You see what I mean.
Chandler: Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
Chandler: Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that.
Chandler: You'll get one.
Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Chandler: No, no, no.
Chandler: (trapped) Uh, uh.
Chandler: Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in)
Chandler: Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
Chandler: No reason. (turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes)
Chandler: Where have you been?
Chandler: Mazel tov!
Chandler: (to Joey) You are really frightening me.
Chandler: Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. (they pull her hand off of him) Uh, that's great. (looking around) Anybody seen a nipple?
Chandler: (to nurse) Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Chandler: I know, I still am one of these.
Chandler: And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. (Does a baseball sign.)
Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. (walks over to where Joey is seated)
Chandler: Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Chandler: (sigh)... And where's this money coming from? (gives money to Joey)
Chandler: (in a deep voice) Men are here.
Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Chandler: Crazy bitch.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Chandler: Forget about her.
Chandler: Course there, they just call it food.
Chandler: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Chandler: (sarcastic) Ooooh. (looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity)
Chandler: (pointing out a gift) OK, this one right here is from me.
Chandler: Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die.
Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's.
Chandler: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? (pats his Travel Scrabble game)
Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Chandler: (panicked) ahem... um... Crystal duck.
Chandler: (stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....
Chandler: (rubbing his temples) Oh, no-no-no-no-no....
Chandler: No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
Chandler: OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
Chandler: (quickly) H-He's in China!
Chandler: What about the time difference?
Chandler: Yes! (Rachel walks towards door) You're never gonna make it!
Chandler: Well then maybe you shouldn't go.
Chandler: Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! (she leaves)
Chandler: Hey, big...
Chandler: (quietly) ...spender.
Chandler: So how'd it go?
Chandler: The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Chandler: Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Chandler: I didn't know you had another level.
Chandler: Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
Chandler: Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?