Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Joey: Instead of...?
Joey: Never had that dream.
Joey: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Joey: Ohh.
Joey: And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Joey: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
Joey: I say push her down the stairs.
Joey: (comforting her) And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Joey: What, like there's a rule or something?
Joey: Who's Paul?
Joey:  Hey, Paul!
Joey: Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Joey: I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
Joey: (picking up a leftover part) What's this?
Joey: Which goes where?
Joey: Done with the bookcase!
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Joey: You got screwed.
Joey: Shut up!
Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Joey: Great story!  But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man, (looks to Chandler)
Joey: Right.  Thanks.  It's June.  I'm outta here. (Exits.)
Joey: Congratulations.
Joey: Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
Joey: Morning, Paul.
Joey: That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Joey: Yeah, I'm an actor.
Joey: I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Joey: Look, it was a job all right?
Joey: I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
Joey: You should both know, that he's a dead man.  Oh, Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.)
Joey: (sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!
Joey: (bursts out laughing again) I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!
Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
Joey: Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
Joey: (pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
Joey: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Joey: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Joey: .....Well, this is still ruined, right?
Joey: Your folks are really that bad, huh?
Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here?
Joey: Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow.
Joey: "Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
Joey: Thanks! Let's keep going.
Joey: "I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke."
Joey: What?
Joey: Whoah!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.
Joey: Y'miss it?
Joey: That's ridiculous!
Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe?
Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it!
Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy?
Joey: Let it go, Ross.
Joey: You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Joey: (shouting to Chandler) Chandler! He's here!
Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
Joey: Alan.
Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
Joey: Oh, (Imitating Ross) "you do, do you"?
Joey: Do you have any respect for your body?
Joey: (dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower) What's going on?
Joey: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
Joey: Oh, God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)
Joey: So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
Joey: Okay!
Joey: Probably kill myself!
Joey: Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!
Joey: You are? Ross, I'm sorry..
Joey: ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Joey: (to Ross) Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
Joey: We love you, man. (Kisses Ross)
Joey: So?
Joey: What's wrong with the twentieth?
Joey: The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
Joey: C'mon, Ross!
Joey: Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.
Joey: Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass! (He kicks it to Ross, but Ross is staring into a shop window.)
Joey: What?
Joey: -Peaches?
Joey: Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
Joey: C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.
Joey: Well, how long do you think it'll be?
Joey: He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
Joey: What?
Joey: With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh.
Joey: Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
Joey: Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?
Joey: Really?
Joey: Oh, ah- the kid has it.
Joey: Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Joey: No plans, huh?
Joey: Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
Joey: My god, Angela.
Joey: No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey, Angela.
Joey: You look good.
Joey: You don't say.
Joey: Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Joey: Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Joey: What?
Joey: Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Joey: You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
Joey: Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
Joey: Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Joey: What?
Joey: Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
Joey: (proud) I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
Joey: Yep.
Joey: Which what?
Joey: No, but he's...
Joey: Oh my god.
Joey: I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But I'm not.
Joey: So, you and Angela, huh?
Joey: You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Joey: Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.
Joey: Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.
Joey: What?
Joey: Come on, they're close.
Joey: Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
Joey: Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...
Joey: All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Joey: Ow!
Joey: Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.
Joey: Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
Joey: Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.
Joey: Excellent.
Joey: Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
Joey: Whadja think?
Joey: C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Joey: The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
Joey: Who's Rick?
Joey: I couldn't do it.
Joey: When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Joey: (on phone) Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! (He hangs up and to all.) That was my agent. (He tosses and catches the phone.) My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
Joey: Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Joey: "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"
Joey: ...I'm his (mumbles)
Joey: ...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Joey: C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Joey: Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
Joey: Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
Joey: Thank you! (He goes into the bathroom.)
Joey: Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
Joey: Me?
Joey: Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.
Joey: Well, I'm- I'm showering.
Joey: Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
Joey: I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
Joey: Nope.
Joey: I got fired.
Joey: Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
Joey: My mom will.
Joey: Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Joey: Hard to tell, I was naked.
Joey: Yeah? That's so nice! (They hug.)
Joey: Hi everyone.
Joey: Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
Joey: What's up man?
Joey: (to everyone) Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (on phone) Chandler, listen. (says something intentionally garbled)
Joey: OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Joey: We have a winner!
Joey: It's never gonna happen.
Joey: You and Rachel.
Joey: Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
Joey: Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
Joey: Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Joey: Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...' (Rachel comes into the room behind them)
Joey: Are you going to do it?
Joey: Do you want any help?
Joey: Good luck, man.
Joey: OK. (Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel)
Joey: Hey, where are you going?
Joey: You can't go out there.
Joey: Because of... the reason.
Joey: I, um, can't tell you.
Joey: OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
Joey: He's planning your birthday party.
Joey: (as Phoebe enters) You'd better act surprised.
Joey: Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.
Joey: Sorry, that was wax.
Joey: (does a maniacal laugh) Bwah-hah-hah!
Joey: Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.
Joey: Not me.
Joey: Twice?
Joey: You guys okay?
Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Joey: (entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?
Joey: What?
Joey: Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)
Joey: No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.
Joey: (hides the TV, but he still has an earphone) Just a, uh... hearing disability.
Joey: Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Joey: Hey, hey.
Joey: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
Joey: You know those posters for the city free clinic?
Joey: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... (crosses fingers)
Joey: Thanks.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (to Monica) We did?
Joey: Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.
Joey: Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
Joey: I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.
Joey: I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.
Joey: Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?
Joey: Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?
Joey: What's wrong?
Joey: Oh. What?
Joey: Wait, wait, wait!
Joey: So I guess you all saw it.
Joey: Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
Joey: Chandler, will you just come in already?
Joey: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
Joey: But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Joey: The balloon?
Joey: Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.
Joey: That tone will not make me go any faster.
Joey: That one will.
Joey: Nope, not that one.
Joey: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
Joey: Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
Joey: You call that delicious?
Joey: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
Joey: Oh, I will.
Joey: The bigger half.
Joey: Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
Joey: I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Joey: Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Joey: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Joey: Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late.
Joey: Nice shoes, huh? (He wiggles his foot and the bells tinkle)
Joey: You know more than one Fun Bobby?
Joey: Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!
Joey: Uh, four.
Joey: Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Joey: Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! (She enters, followed by a young boy and a younger girl)...You brought your kids.
Joey: Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
Joey: Hey, kids...
Joey: (Approaching) Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
Joey: There y'go, kids.
Joey: You seen Sandy?
Joey: Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.
Joey: Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.
Joey: Alrightalrightalright. (Kisses him. Ross takes a photo) There.
Joey: I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Joey: C'mon, she's your mom!
Joey: Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Right. No big deal.
Joey: In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
Joey: You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
Joey: Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
Joey: Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.
Joey: Ross, how could you let this happen?
Joey: You don't think my mom's sexy?
Joey: I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Joey: He forgot to leave his grip size!
Joey: So are you gonna tell him?
Joey: How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
Joey: Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!
Joey: Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
Joey: Me neither, y'know what-
Joey: What are you mad at me for?!
Joey: (Shouting after him) Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?
Joey: Ah! (Points to door) Huh? (Leaves and slams the door)
Joey: (To Ross, on the couch) Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Joey: C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Joey: (Laughing) Mother-Kisser... (Sees Ross's look) I'll shut up.
Joey: Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
Joey: No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Joey: Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
Joey: That makes more sense.
Joey: I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. (Looks through the spyhole)
Joey: Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
Joey: You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Joey: Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!
Joey: (in baby-like voice) How come you don't live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) What's a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
Joey: I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
Joey: Need a new table.
Joey: That's the rule.
Joey: How'd you get to that?
Joey: You knew about that?
Joey: Ok, ok, How about if we split it?
Joey: Yeah
Joey: Why not?
Joey: Why, are you moving out?
Joey: You'd tell me if you were moving out right
Joey: Aw, I know all about Kip!
Joey: Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
Joey: So what's it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
Joey: Or an uncle...
Joey: Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.
Joey: Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!
Joey: Feminist issue. That's where I went!
Joey: Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? (points to a table)
Joey: So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
Joey: I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."
Joey: All right, how about the ladybugs?
Joey: Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
Joey: Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
Joey: No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Joey: Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Joey: Wha-
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
Joey: Oh yeah!
Joey: Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
Joey: Dad, dad. (Shakes his head)
Joey: (Snatches the phone) Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? (To his dad) Did you know this isn't Ma?
Joey: Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping)
Joey: Since then?!
Joey: ...I d'know.
Joey: You're one to talk. (Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan)
Joey: Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
Joey: It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. (Considers) That'd be cool.... This blows!
Joey: What's the matter with Rog?
Joey: Night, you guys.
Joey: Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?
Joey: I'm Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: Dad, Ronni's here.
Joey: Who-ah-ho.
Joey: No you won't.
Joey: If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
Joey: That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
Joey: Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
Joey: Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Joey: Well, either you break it off with Ronni
Joey: Then you gotta come clean with Ma! This is not right!
Joey: I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room!
Joey: Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.
Joey: I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Joey: Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Joey: No.
Joey: You really think so?
Joey: Thanks, Chandler. (Snuggles up to him)
Joey: (Runs out in a towel) What's the matter with you?!
Joey: Ma! What're you doing here?
Joey: Oww! Big ring!
Joey: Hold on, you-you knew?
Joey: So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Joey: Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
Joey: I'm...happy...for you?
Joey: Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.
Joey: Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is.
Joey: With this ring? (Her engagement ring.) No contest.
Joey: Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Joey: Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Joey: Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green. (He goes into the bathroom. We hear a scream and he comes out, closely followed by Monica in a towel)
Joey: Sorry. Wrong boobies.
Joey: I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.
Joey: You're in!
Joey: Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Joey: Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
Joey: Think it'll work?
Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
Joey: No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Joey: Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! (Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.) Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Joey: (Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?
Joey: No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
Joey: (at the urinal) Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Joey: Good for you. (jumps suddenly) Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
Joey: (to Lorraine) We can't do that.
Joey: Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there?
Joey: Uh, we might be leaving now.
Joey: She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Joey: You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.
Joey: I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.
Joey: (in disbelief) Whoa.
Joey: I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Joey: (to Chandler) If you don't do it, I will.
Joey: Thank you.
Joey: So what're you going to do?
Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
Joey: (aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?
Joey: I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
Joey: (tasting) Mmmm. Good.
Joey: It's creamier.
Joey: I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
Joey: Uh-oh.
Joey: (in disbelief) Vulva?
Joey: (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Joey: What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Joey: ....yeah... what else?
Joey: (walks to catch up to him) Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
Joey: Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Joey: Alright, now you say something.
Joey: Come on! You like this woman, right?
Joey: You want to see her again, right?
Joey: Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
Joey: (turning around) Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.
Joey: There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
Joey: Say it... say it!
Joey: You're not going to believe this!
Joey: Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
Joey: And again, and again, and again... (phone rings, he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.
Joey: What a tool!
Joey: (to Ross) So, er... how did it go with Celia?
Joey: All right, Ross!
Joey: Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?
Joey: You cuddled.
Joey: Yeah, where the hell is he?
Joey: There’s the waitress. Excuse me, Miss. Hello, Miss?
Joey: No, no... how come you are working here?
Joey: I’m sayin’ I see a difference.
Joey: I don’t care. Phoebe’s Phoebe. Ursula’s... hot!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.
Joey: Nope.
Joey: Nope.
Joey: Not from where I was standin’.
Joey: I went back to Riff’s. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
Joey: She is so hot!
Joey: Pheebs?
Joey: You think it would be okay if I asked out your sister?
Joey: So that if we went out on a date, she’d be there.
Joey: Cool, thanks.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Phoebe, could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
Joey: Oh, no no no. It’s for Ursula. I just figured, you know, size-wise.
Joey: Yep. Ice Capades.
Joey: I don’t know. I like her, you know. She’s different. There’s uh, somethin’ about her.
Joey: Hey, Phoebe, I asked you, and you said it was okay.
Joey: Okay... Well maybe now I’m not okay with it not being okay.
Joey: Out.
Joey: (Spreading his arms wide) Yes.
Joey: Well, not that it’s any of your business, but, no, we haven’t, okay?
Joey: You meant sex, right?
Joey: Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.
Joey: He should take the sack?
Joey: Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
Joey: Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
Joey: I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.
Joey: When's that?
Joey: Oh, man. What're the odds of that happening?
Joey: What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
Joey: Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
Joey: (entering quietly) Hey.
Joey: Your sister stood me up the other night.
Joey: I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.
Joey: Urse...
Joey: ..ah, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.
Joey: No, no, no, don't say "listen." I know that "listen." I've said that "listen."
Joey: I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
Joey: You don't drink.
Joey: Oh, Urse... (He tries to take her in his arms, but she fends him off.)
Joey: Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?
Joey: (Thinking carefully) no. No, I, I couldn't do that.
Joey: Then, uh, then I'm sorry.
Joey: I know...
Joey: I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.
Joey: Pheebs?
Joey: We just got the message.
Joey: �Hola, amigos! (Hey, everybody!)
Joey: Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few.
Joey: Shut up!
Joey: Thank you.
Joey: There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
Joey: Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...(look of realization)
Joey: About what?
Joey: Heh... I was bluffing.
Joey: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Joey: (pause)...Yeah?
Joey: No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.
Joey: Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Joey: But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Joey: What?
Joey: Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. (gets up)
Joey: That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
Joey: Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
Joey: Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Joey: Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him, confused) Oh, I'm out.
Joey: Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
Joey: Check.
Joey: That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What?
Joey: Here, I got five, I got five. (Ross takes the money)
Joey: (to Ross): Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.
Joey: Oh!
Joey: (triumphantly) The Unbearable Likeness of Being!
Joey: Suck-fest.
Joey: Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Joey: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
Joey: I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
Joey: She really said that?
Joey: 'Tonight' tonight?
Joey: How could you lose him?
Joey: Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Joey: Marcel?
Joey: Marcel?
Joey: A monkey.
Joey: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
Joey: Oh. Then, no.
Joey: Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Joey: We can't, alright? (To the women) We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Joey: Marcel?
Joey: I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Joey: No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Joey: Her answer machine?
Joey: Duh, where've you been?
Joey: Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Joey: Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Joey: Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
Joey: Maybe she never got your message.
Joey: (entering) He's back! The peeper's back!
Joey: (ducking) Get down!
Joey: (intrigued) Yeah?
Joey: ..Naughty!
Joey: Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) That's fine, yeah...
Joey: (watches them for a while) Oh my.
Joey: (entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?
Joey: I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
Joey: Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Joey: (to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like—(Listens)—Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Joey: Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
Joey: Big day.
Joey: All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Joey: No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
Joey: Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which I'm not.
Joey: Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
Joey: (Writes it down) Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.
Joey: Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!
Joey: Where've you been?
Joey: (To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.
Joey: I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
Joey: Isn't there any way you can keep him?
Joey: How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
Joey: Did you call the cops?
Joey: (entering) You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
Joey: Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
Joey: Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
Joey: We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
Joey: Marcel, I'm hungry.
Joey: Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio.
Joey: Holden McGroin.
Joey: Exellent dream score.
Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing?
Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?
Joey: Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean...
Joey: All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
Joey: Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh, services.
Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Joey: Oh... Yeah, you do.
Joey: (reaches for hi scones) My scones.
Joey: All right. (Moves closer.)
Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Joey: What?
Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
Joey: Stegosaurus!
Joey: What about Andr�?
Joey: They're here already?
Joey: Uh, moist, yeah.
Joey: All right, all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)
Joey: For the ride.
Joey: All right, I'm going. I'm going.
Joey: Do we have to know about that?
Joey: I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
Joey: (to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.
Joey: Oh, yeah.
Joey: Hey, listen, lady....(sees that she's pregnant)...whoa.
Joey: Oh yeah? And who do you like?
Joey: The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?
Joey: Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!
Joey: Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Joey: Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
Joey: Tribbiani.
Joey: (takes phone) Hi, yeah, it's me. (Listens) Oh, no no no, we're just friends. (Listens) Yeah, I'm single. (Listens) 25. (Listens) An actor. (Listens) Hello?
Joey: Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
Joey: Ok, look, maybe I should just go.
Joey: Good luck, and uh, take care, huh?
Joey: You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
Joey: Oh, it is.
Joey: It is.
Joey: Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
Joey: (panicked) Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?
Joey: Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's— (notices the nurse looking at him strangely) I was just—yeah, right. Push! Push!
Joey: Oh, just had a baby.
Joey: Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
Joey: Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
Joey: He doesn't do much, does he?
Joey: Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
Joey: I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
Joey: Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
Joey: Oh, just, y'know.... science.
Joey: (sigh)... It's a fertility study.
Joey: Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
Joey: We make fire. Cook meat.
Joey: Oh, OK.
Joey: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
Joey: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?
Joey: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Joey: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: The country?
Joey: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
Joey: He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Joey: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
Joey: We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. (Joey gives Ross a hug)
Joey: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
Joey: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Joey: Then you do. Heh, heh.
Joey: What do you mean?
Joey: Not following you.
Joey: (to Rachel): That book got me through some tough times.
Joey: (pats Chandler on the leg) That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time.
Joey: Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
Joey: The country.
Joey: He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
Joey: Heh, heh. It was nothin'.
Joey: (panicked) Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.
Joey: Sure! Why not?
Joey: How do you mean?
Joey: Shhhh!
Joey: She's still asleep.
Joey: Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
Joey: Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Joey: It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Joey: I know! Neither did I!
Joey: Seven hundred bucks!
Joey: Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
Joey: What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)