Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk?
Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Ooh! Oh! (She starts to pluck at the air just in front of Ross.)
Phoebe: Fine!  Be murky!
Phoebe:  If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.
Phoebe: (sings) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, (Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.) bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string.  These are a few...
Phoebe: (grins and walks to the kitchen and says to Chandler and Joey.) I helped!
Phoebe: What does that mean?   Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? (Chandler doesn't know.)
Phoebe: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Phoebe: (singing) Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart.  La-la-la-la-la- (some guy gives her some change and to that guy) Thank you. (sings) La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Phoebe: Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
Phoebe: All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. (She starts massaging them.)
Phoebe: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Phoebe: (sings) I can't believe what I'm hearing here...
Phoebe: (sings) What I said you had...
Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah!
Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.)
Phoebe: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine!
Phoebe: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful.
Phoebe: No, look, don't touch that!
Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
Phoebe: (while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it!
Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her.
Phoebe: Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.
Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
Phoebe: She's a waitress.
Phoebe: You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Phoebe: Okay!
Phoebe: (entering) Hi guys!
Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Phoebe: Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
Phoebe: Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!
Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
Phoebe: From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
Phoebe: Hey, Lizzie.
Phoebe: I brought you alphabet soup.
Phoebe: Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.)
Phoebe: No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
Phoebe: I know.
Phoebe: No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
Phoebe: Oh, that's fine, no.
Phoebe: No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Phoebe: Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: No, I'm fine.
Phoebe: Huh!
Phoebe: I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see?
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
Phoebe: Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Phoebe: Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
Phoebe: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Phoebe: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
Phoebe: There it is!
Phoebe: You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- (starts chewing her hair)
Phoebe: Did he mention us?
Phoebe: (shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Phoebe: Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Phoebe: (waking and startling them) Oh! What what what! ...Hi.
Phoebe: I got no sleep last night!
Phoebe: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Phoebe: Thanks.
Phoebe: I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Phoebe: I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Phoebe: (to Monica) Look, look, I have elbows! (They scream.)
Phoebe: Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Phoebe: You are just like Jack.
Phoebe: No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
Phoebe: Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Phoebe: Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.
Phoebe: Floopy?
Phoebe: Oh, like that's a word.
Phoebe: Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: I don't even have a 'pl'.
Phoebe: And-and a power tie?
Phoebe: Big Bird's friend.
Phoebe: Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! (She runs up and takes the binoculars.)
Phoebe: Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.
Phoebe: Definitely not his mother.
Phoebe: Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- (Yelling) Hey, that's not for you, bitch! (Phoebe covers her mouth with her hand walks away from the window.)
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
Phoebe: You'd already broken up.
Phoebe: A couple hours.
Phoebe: There he is! There he is!
Phoebe: Right- where we've been looking all night!
Phoebe: Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Phoebe: You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
Phoebe: No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Phoebe: (to Rachel) What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Phoebe: (rhythmically) Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Phoebe: Are you gonna go over there?
Phoebe: This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
Phoebe: Eww, I don't wanna do that.
Phoebe: Ok, have a good break-up.
Phoebe: Yeah, it was really hard.
Phoebe: Ok, you weren't there.
Phoebe: Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
Phoebe: Oh my god. (Chandler downs another espresso.) How many of those have you had?
Phoebe: Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
Phoebe: All right.
Phoebe: Wait here. Breathe.
Phoebe: It's like a gift.
Phoebe: Oh, I'd like that.
Phoebe: (seeing Rachel's clothes) What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.
Phoebe: Hey, how'd it go?
Phoebe: Oh, he needed some time to grieve.
Phoebe: That oughta do it.
Phoebe: The exclamation point in the title scares me. (Gesturing) Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Phoebe: Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Phoebe: Based on this play? ...Based on this play!
Phoebe: (reading Monica's palm) No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
Phoebe: (to Rachel) I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Phoebe: Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, (psycho) Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Phoebe: Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Phoebe: Seriously, what-what's the part?
Phoebe: No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Phoebe: Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. (plays a chord, then the lights go out) OK, thank you very much.
Phoebe: Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. (to Monica) What's my number?
Phoebe: Well, I never call me.
Phoebe: (at window) Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Phoebe: Oh... Milwaukee.
Phoebe: Oh, Rachel.
Phoebe: (singing) New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... (she writes the lyrics down)
Phoebe: About what?
Phoebe: What surprise party?
Phoebe: Well, he didn't tell me.
Phoebe: This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
Phoebe: Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. (Monica gestures at Phoebe to shut up; Joey looks surprised but pleased) Looks like I was second to last.
Phoebe: Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
Phoebe: (stops at a door) Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
Phoebe: (trying to hold back the struggling cat) He seems to hate you. Are you sure?
Phoebe: Wait a minute. What's his name?
Phoebe: (the cat runs away from her) Oooh! You are a very bad man!
Phoebe: Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Phoebe: Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Phoebe: (smiling) You betcha!
Phoebe: I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. (Rachel looks at her) But I won't.
Phoebe: You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... (they stare at her)... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Phoebe: Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... (time lapse)... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... (someone blows it out, the room gets completely dark)
Phoebe: Thanks.
Phoebe: Yeah, I think so, yeah.
Phoebe: I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
Phoebe: Yeah, you have homosexual hair.
Phoebe: Oh, that sucks!
Phoebe: Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.
Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Phoebe: Thanks!
Phoebe: Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. (Hands back the pencil)
Phoebe: (entering) Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.
Phoebe: What'd I say?
Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
Phoebe: Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
Phoebe: You missed a belt loop.
Phoebe: Okay, it's in spasm.
Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
Phoebe: Ooh! That's so nice...
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: What were you modeling for?
Phoebe: You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
Phoebe: Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, can I come?
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Phoebe: (stirring pot) Ok, all done.
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Phoebe: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Phoebe: Almost never.
Phoebe: Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Phoebe: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.
Phoebe: Ooh.
Phoebe: Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
Phoebe: It's nice that he has someone.
Phoebe: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
Phoebe: Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
Phoebe: That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
Phoebe: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Phoebe: Yeah, you wish!
Phoebe: Oh, oh, good.
Phoebe: (Takes mike) Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. (Shakes bell as an introduction) (Sung:)
Phoebe: (Sung)
Phoebe: (Sung)
Phoebe: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Phoebe: Could you speak up please?
Phoebe: Okay, we're gonna take a short break. (Goes over to their table)
Phoebe: David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Phoebe: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Phoebe: Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Phoebe: Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
Phoebe: Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Phoebe: Sure.
Phoebe: Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, right now.
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.
Phoebe: I can hop. (She hops onto the table)
Phoebe: Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Phoebe: No, no, he hasn't been around.
Phoebe: Minsk?
Phoebe: I know where Minsk is.
Phoebe: So when, when do you leave?
Phoebe: Hello?
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so (Puts on a fake cheery voice) congratulations! This is so exciting!
Phoebe: Oh, you're not going? (Fake disappointed voice) Oh, why?
Phoebe: So-so you're really not going?
Phoebe: Oh don't do that.
Phoebe: Oh no no.
Phoebe: Oh, but I can't do that-
Phoebe: It's your thing, and-
Phoebe: Okay, um, stay.
Phoebe: Stay.
Phoebe: Getting so good at that! (She hops on)
Phoebe: And then... your face is bloated?
Phoebe: Hi, Max!
Phoebe: Are you alright?
Phoebe: You're going to Minsk.
Phoebe: Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Phoebe: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say (Hits him) 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Phoebe: Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. (He does so) And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Phoebe: And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. (They kiss) I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Phoebe: Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
Phoebe: I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Phoebe: Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Phoebe: Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Phoebe: Where? (Turns to face him) Ooh, come to Momma.
Phoebe: We should do something. Whistle.
Phoebe: Come on, do it.
Phoebe: Do it!
Phoebe: Do it do it do it!
Phoebe: I can't believe you did that!
Phoebe: I just wish there was something we could do. (Bends down and talks to him) Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Phoebe: Maybe nobody's tried this.
Phoebe: Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Phoebe: Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Phoebe: I know.
Phoebe: Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.
Phoebe: Hey hey hey! She's on!
Phoebe: Your mom was arrested?
Phoebe: What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Phoebe: Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
Phoebe: I'm in.
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
Phoebe: No. (Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction) No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Phoebe: Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?! (Whips back the sheet to reveal him wearing new pajamas.)
Phoebe: (Walks up with her guitar) Hey Rach.
Phoebe: Hello.
Phoebe: Going to the hospital tonight?
Phoebe: No, you?
Phoebe: Okay, maybe it was a trick question. (Plays a few chords) Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Phoebe: Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. (Monica gives her a look) 'Kay. (Sung:)
Phoebe: Alright, whadyou do with him?
Phoebe: Look at you! How, how do you feel?
Phoebe: I'm Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe: Well, we both have.
Phoebe: Well, actually it's just from me.
Phoebe: You know who shaved you? That was me.
Phoebe: I sang. (To Monica) Hah!
Phoebe: You're welcome.
Phoebe: What, that's it?
Phoebe: I don't think you mean that.
Phoebe: Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Phoebe: Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. (Joey grimaces)
Phoebe: (softly) Sorry. (Camera pans back to Monica, still on phone)
Phoebe: Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!
Phoebe: Ok, thanks. (assistant leaves, then walks back in)
Phoebe: Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?
Phoebe: Well, Racquela's right, yeah!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Phoebe: Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Phoebe: Fine!
Phoebe: Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.
Phoebe: All right, you know Paolo?
Phoebe: Well, he made a move on me.
Phoebe: Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until. (A flashback starts Paolo, lying on massage table, moving his hands up Phoebe's legs.)
Phoebe: Oh yeah, I'm sure. (Flashback resumes with Phoebe doing a voiceover.) And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (Flashback continues: Paolo rolls over, Phoebe looks down, then quickly looks up, bites lip, shakes her head)
Phoebe: Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
Phoebe: Uma Thurman.
Phoebe: She is gonna hate me.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Are you moving out?
Phoebe: Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?
Phoebe: Oh! (sits down) Ok, um, ok, um,
Phoebe: Ok, um, (clears throat) we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world. (Phoebe opens a tin and offers Rachel a cookie)
Phoebe: Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Phoebe: Which proves that I never lie.
Phoebe: Paolo made a pass at me.
Phoebe: Are you okay?
Phoebe: Ok, I've got milk (takes thermos from her bag and starts to pour a cup) Here you go... (Rachel drinks straight from thermos) Oh!(Rachel finishes thermos) Better?
Phoebe: I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
Phoebe: No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
Phoebe: Such a pig!
Phoebe: Oh he's like a...
Phoebe: ...like a...
Phoebe: Yes, good! Ok...
Phoebe: (raises hand) Oh! I know! (Rachel startled) It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
Phoebe: The end.
Phoebe: Should I not have told you?
Phoebe: I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
Phoebe: Ooh!
Phoebe: Oh, ok bye-bye.
Phoebe: Oh, just look at her... (girls move toward Rachel on the balcony)
Phoebe: You ok?
Phoebe: Yep!
Phoebe: Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Phoebe: Oops!
Phoebe: Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
Phoebe: Isn't he great?
Phoebe: I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
Phoebe: Oh, this is my friend Roger.
Phoebe: (Intercom) It's Phoebe.
Phoebe: Isn't he good?
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
Phoebe: So what's going on?
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
Phoebe: Nothing, nothing.
Phoebe: It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Phoebe: But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
Phoebe: Intense and creepy.
Phoebe: But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
Phoebe: You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.
Phoebe: Yeah, right.
Phoebe: I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
Phoebe: Hey, Joey. What's going on?
Phoebe: 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Phoebe: I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
Phoebe: Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
Phoebe: Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
Phoebe: Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
Phoebe: Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Phoebe: Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
Phoebe: Um, that's ok! (throws it in fire) Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Phoebe: Ok, yeah, ok. (she throws the directions in) Oh, OK.
Phoebe: Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
Phoebe: See, there you go, the cleansing works!
Phoebe: Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Phoebe: Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Phoebe: So was it a lot more money?
Phoebe: Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? (pause) Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Phoebe: Hi! (turns back to Chandler, then to Monica) Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Phoebe: (to Monica's tapping) Yeah, yeah!
Phoebe: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?
Phoebe: OK. (pause) Oh Monica! Guess what!
Phoebe: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Phoebe: Ooh! Brian's Song!
Phoebe: (as though Rachel wasn't paying attention) Yummy noises.
Phoebe: Ooh! I know what you could make! (runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen) I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? (Monica doesn't know.) You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. (sits down)
Phoebe: Oh, is this the bug lady?
Phoebe: That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Phoebe: Ten dollars an hour for what?
Phoebe: (excited) Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Phoebe: Oh! You have a window!
Phoebe: Oh look! That guy's peeing!
Phoebe: (sitting) OK.
Phoebe: (overemphasizing) Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of (Monica signals her to stop) of, OK, smells.
Phoebe: (whispers) In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
Phoebe: Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
Phoebe: Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
Phoebe: You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
Phoebe: How's this? (presses down hard)
Phoebe: Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)
Phoebe: See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? (presses down elsewhere)
Phoebe: What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)
Phoebe: There you go! (She continues to work him over with her elbows and he continues to yell in pain.)
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.
Phoebe: Morly Safer.
Phoebe: The woman who cuts my hair!
Phoebe: (Her face dropping) Oh, really.
Phoebe: Rift’s. Yeah, I know.
Phoebe: Hmmm? Yeah. So, um, is she fat?
Phoebe: (Turning to Chandler) where were you standing?
Phoebe: It’s mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Phoebe: (Jumping up) Yeah?
Phoebe: Why? Why would you wanna... do that?  Why?
Phoebe: Well, I mean, I’m not my sister’s, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, it’s true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, we’ve grown apart, so, um... I don’t know, why not? Okay.
Phoebe: Yeah I’m fine.
Phoebe: Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Phoebe: Ooh! Bath salts would be nice.
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: (Smiling blankly) Right, and it’s me.
Phoebe: Much as you are.
Phoebe: (Philosophically) Oh, that’s good.
Phoebe: Good choice.
Phoebe: Ooh, my first birthday present... (delightedly examining the cardigan in her lap) ..oh, this is really...
Phoebe: Ohhh... Sure, yeah... (disgustedly dropping the cardigan back into the bag) ..okay, it fits.
Phoebe: That you like, (snappily confronting Joey over the heads of the knitting circle) we get it. You like her. Great!
Phoebe: Alright, well, maybe now it’s not okay.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Where’re you going?
Phoebe: With?
Phoebe: Alright, could I just ask you one question?
Phoebe: Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?
Phoebe: Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I can’t, I can’t watch.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Yeah. It’s just, you know, it’s this whole stupid Ursula thing, it’s...
Phoebe: Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I’m not saying she’s like evil or anything. She just, you know, she’s always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldn’t let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Phoebe: Well, but that’s what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldn’t even talk to me any more. Because he said he didn’t wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Phoebe: I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Phoebe: Yeah. Okay.
Phoebe: But he’s falling in love with her.
Phoebe: Okay... Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, oh.
Phoebe: Hey, what's going on?
Phoebe: (Delighted) oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! (Thrilled) You found Betty! Oh my god! (Hugging people) This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, (still happy) Where's Joey?
Phoebe: Trouble?
Phoebe: Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Um you, you got a minute?
Phoebe: So.
Phoebe: Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.
Phoebe: Right, like the kind you...
Phoebe: How'd you know I was coming?
Phoebe: I can't believe you did this.
Phoebe: I can't believe you... (holding up Joey's cardigan) ..did this.
Phoebe: So... What's the deal with umm, you and Joey?
Phoebe: Does he know?
Phoebe: Joey. You know, um, he's really nutsy about you.
Phoebe: You got me.
Phoebe: So, um, are you gonna call him?
Phoebe: No, Joey.
Phoebe: No. No food with a face.
Phoebe: Yeah, you too.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Hey.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Listen, um...
Phoebe: (as Ursula) I'm sorry.
Phoebe: (as Ursula): Yeah, um... (nervously clears her throat) You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
Phoebe: (as Ursula) That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) You know... (unconsciously putting a hand on his knee) You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: (Automatically) Yeah. Oooh... (she's sprung.)
Phoebe: Is he alright?
Phoebe: (reading): Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh... (crumples up letter)
Phoebe: Wow!
Phoebe: (reading): Your Visa bill is huge!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Phoebe: Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
Phoebe: Congratulations!
Phoebe: OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Phoebe: But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
Phoebe: (to Joey): Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
Phoebe: About how good your cards were.
Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Phoebe: OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
Phoebe: Ha. Ha, ha.
Phoebe: Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.
Phoebe: Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.
Phoebe: Thank y... (thinks about it)
Phoebe: Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
Phoebe: Alright, here's my $7.50. (Hands them the money) But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Phoebe: Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
Phoebe: (holding a card and waving it in front of her face) Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. (they look at her) Right, OK, serious poker.
Phoebe: (looks at her cards) Yes! (everyone looks at her) .... or no.
Phoebe: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Phoebe: Yeah. Um... I'm out. (throws in cards)
Phoebe: Monica, in or out?
Phoebe: OK Joey, your bet.
Phoebe: Ross?
Phoebe: Chandler?
Phoebe: Me too. Rachel.
Phoebe: Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
Phoebe: Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Phoebe: I'm in.
Phoebe: ...teen! (throws in a ten-dollar bill)
Phoebe: That's a bird?
Phoebe: That's a bird!
Phoebe: So good!
Phoebe: I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Phoebe: (Entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
Phoebe: Oh no, how?
Phoebe: Which one?
Phoebe: No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
Phoebe: Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
Phoebe: Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. (They move off)
Phoebe: Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Phoebe: Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Phoebe: Yes, but there isn't always time!
Phoebe: Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
Phoebe: Marcel?
Phoebe: Marcel?
Phoebe: Oh-my-God!
Phoebe: Something just brushed up against my right leg!
Phoebe: Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg.
Phoebe: Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere!
Phoebe: Yeah, think so. Oh! (She notices the tranquiliser dart has hit her in the butt and removes it) Huh. (Sways back) Whoah.
Phoebe: Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Phoebe: Nope.
Phoebe: Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! (She stands up and starts to dance around) Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!
Phoebe: How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
Phoebe: Oh, God, just do it! (Grabbing the phone.) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
Phoebe: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Phoebe: Okay, they're just talking...
Phoebe: No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
Phoebe: That man across the street just kicked that pigeon! (Rachel enters.) Oh!
Phoebe: Not a good day for birds...
Phoebe: Oh my God! (Walks to the window) Go away! (Gesturing.) Stop looking in here!
Phoebe: You cook naked?
Phoebe: Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Phoebe: How many beeps?
Phoebe: How'd he take it?
Phoebe: Sex in his chair.
Phoebe: Where are you going?
Phoebe: Radiator.
Phoebe: Rdtor.
Phoebe: You know he's gay?
Phoebe: Whoo-hoo!
Phoebe: Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! (Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa)
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: What are you doing?
Phoebe: This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
Phoebe: Lotsa things.
Phoebe: I think she means (Imitates) 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon. (They put on some spare shoes)
Phoebe: (Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way) I'm totally getting it!
Phoebe: Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Phoebe: Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
Phoebe: Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.
Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
Phoebe: ...Flame Boy.
Phoebe: Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.
Phoebe: Doing it on this table. (points at the table)
Phoebe: (points at Joey's pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Phoebe: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Phoebe: I could be a secretary.
Phoebe: I could do that.
Phoebe: Well, maybe 25-26.
Phoebe: There you go.
Phoebe: (plays with a thumbtack remover) Yeah?
Phoebe: Oh. Uh, I'm on. (picks up the phone)
Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.
Phoebe: Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Phoebe: Ross says hi.
Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
Phoebe: Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I'm gonna be out there.
Phoebe: All right. Bye bye.
Phoebe: Whatcha doin'?
Phoebe: Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.
Phoebe: No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.
Phoebe: Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.
Phoebe: I thought you knew that.
Phoebe: Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
Phoebe: Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. They even do you.
Phoebe: You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Phoebe: That is so sweet, you guys. (hugs them)
Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!
Phoebe: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.
Phoebe: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Phoebe: I really do, yeah.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Phoebe: You were great. But they still made fun of you.
Phoebe: You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
Phoebe: Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
Phoebe: Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.
Phoebe: No, but you can't.
Phoebe: Uh uh.
Phoebe: Petrie.
Phoebe: Did I miss it, did I miss it?
Phoebe: I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
Phoebe: (singing)
Phoebe: Thanks, Ross.
Phoebe: Ok.
Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Phoebe: Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
Phoebe: Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Phoebe: Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Phoebe: Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?
Phoebe: (singing) They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next...(sees Ross and Susan staring at her) la la la la la la.
Phoebe: This is so great.
Phoebe: I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. (pause) I'm sorry, you were fighting.
Phoebe: (reading the nametag on the uniform) Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
Phoebe: Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
Phoebe: (from the air vent overhead) You guys, he's beautiful!
Phoebe: Susan, he looks just like you.
Phoebe: Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. (screen goes blank) Look, he's opening his eyes. (picture comes back)
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
Phoebe: Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!
Phoebe: We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... (hands meat to Monica)
Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your (provocatively) special someone?
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Phoebe: Jeez, you say one thing, and...
Phoebe: Oh, let me see! (takes the picture)
Phoebe: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... (puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her) Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Phoebe: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...
Phoebe: So you do know who he is! (laughs, Ross stares at her) Sorry.
Phoebe: Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story.
Phoebe: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
Phoebe: Remembered what?
Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Phoebe: I know. This is really, really huge.
Phoebe: Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
Phoebe: Here, look, alright, does this help?
Phoebe: Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Phoebe: No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Phoebe: Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Phoebe: Maybe there's someone else.