Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Rachel: Hi, sure!
Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Rachel: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there and watching a Spanish Soap on TV and are trying to figure out what is going on.]
Rachel: (on phone) Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Rachel: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Rachel: Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Rachel: Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Rachel: I'm all better now.
Rachel: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Rachel: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Rachel: Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.  It's been kinda a long day.
Rachel: Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (She stops talking and dials the phone.) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me.  And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too... (The maching cuts her off again and she redials.)
Rachel: Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!
Rachel: Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Rachel: Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
Rachel: Hello, Paul.
Rachel: So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Rachel: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Rachel: I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
Rachel: Oh, yeah.
Rachel: Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
Rachel: Want a wedding dress?   Hardly used.
Rachel: Oh, look, wish me luck!
Rachel: I'm gonna go get one of those (Thinks) job things.
Rachel: Guess what?
Rachel: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Rachel: You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Rachel: They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
Rachel: Uh, credit card.
Rachel: Um... my... father.
Rachel: Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary?  I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Rachel: Thank you.
Rachel: No.  No, no, I'm not ready!  How can I be ready?  "Hey, Rach!  You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?"  Come on, I can't do this!
Rachel: I don't think so.
Rachel: Y'know what?  I think we can just leave it at that.  It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (Monica smiles.) What?
Rachel: Sorry-
Rachel: No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
Rachel: Okay.
Rachel: I knew.
Rachel: I did.
Rachel: Yeah, maybe...
Rachel: Goodnight.
Rachel: (walks up with a pot of coffee) Would anybody like more coffee?
Rachel: I'm just serving it.
Rachel: Ugh. (To another customer that's leaving.) Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? (Hands him the coffee pot.) Go ahead. (He does so.) Thank you. (To the gang.) Sorry.  Okay, Las Vegas.
Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Rachel: Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)
Rachel: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
Rachel: (looks at the lasagne and realizes something) Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Rachel: Oh, I am sorry...
Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Rachel: So what are you gonna do?
Rachel: You're twins?
Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave.)
Rachel: The lights, please..
Rachel: I'm just cleaning up.
Rachel: Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down.)
Rachel: Oh.. a little..
Rachel: A lot.
Rachel: So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Rachel: Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together?
Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross?
Rachel: Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. (She leans back onto his hand.)
Rachel: Barry?
Rachel: (hesitates) Are you sure?
Rachel: I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!
Rachel: I dumped him.
Rachel: Oh, not much. I-I got a job.
Rachel: Why are- why are you so tanned?
Rachel: Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?
Rachel: Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!
Rachel: Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs!
Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
Rachel: Okay..
Rachel: Wow.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Anyway, um, (Gets the ring out of her purse.) I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.
Rachel: (on phone) Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. (Slams the phone down.) (To everyone) Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
Rachel: What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?
Rachel: Since when?
Rachel: And everybody knows this?
Rachel: (carrying a tray of drinks) Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! (Starts handing them out.) Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
Rachel: (leaving to serve others) Good for me!
Rachel: Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing?
Rachel: This Alan again? How's it goin'?
Rachel: Well, then can we meet him?
Rachel: What bank is this?
Rachel: And did you notice...? (She spreads her thumb and index finger.)
Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
Rachel: I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
Rachel: Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.
Rachel: It's worse than the thumb!
Rachel: Well, I-I could live without it.
Rachel: "Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
Rachel: Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.
Rachel: (holding the phone out to Chandler) Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
Rachel: (to Ross, who has wandered up) God, he's good.
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: I think he's across the hall.
Rachel: Uh, Joey..
Rachel: We didn't change..
Rachel: (tearful) I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
Rachel: Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Rachel: See, there's always one guy. (Mocking) "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes." (Joey enters.)
Rachel: Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Rachel: God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally—(opens envelope)—not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Rachel: Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.
Rachel: What are you guys doing here?
Rachel: (to a pregnant Leslie) Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
Rachel: (to Joanne) So what's going on with you?
Rachel: So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
Rachel: Okay.
Rachel: What? Guys, I'm not.
Rachel: I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Rachel: Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
Rachel: What's that?
Rachel: Okay. (Grabs the blender and starts to drink.)
Rachel: Oh, God, ask them what they want.
Rachel: But I haven't used my card in weeks!
Rachel: They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
Rachel: Alright, c'mon! (Miserably) Let's play Twister!
Rachel: Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?
Rachel: ...Jack from downstairs?
Rachel: Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Rachel: But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
Rachel: Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?
Rachel: I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.
Rachel: Thank God. Food. (She goes to answer the door.)
Rachel: (miserably) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.
Rachel: Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?
Rachel: Hello? Who are we spying on?
Rachel: Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: Oh please, they're having sex.
Rachel: So, whaddya think George is like?
Rachel: How long?
Rachel: Okay, okay, okay, I got one! (She sits up and the cushion she was leaning against falls off of the balcony.) Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
Rachel: Hello? Like he was really gonna send you one? (To Phoebe) She was a big girl.
Rachel: I was laughing! You made me laugh! (Monica and Rachel start to squabble)
Rachel: He is so cute!
Rachel: Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
Rachel: Nooo! (She grabs the phone and Chandler takes her place on the mat.) (On phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. (Listens) Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Rachel: (on phone) I've got magic beans. (Listens) Never-never mind.
Rachel: (on phone) Ohhh... I'm fine.
Rachel: Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
Rachel: (waitressing) Does anybody want anything else?
Rachel: It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
Rachel: Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Rachel: Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
Rachel: Who?
Rachel: Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Rachel: Sure.
Rachel: Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.
Rachel: But I saved it. I put my basket on top.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
Rachel: Yeah, but, there were no suds.
Rachel: Well, you know, no suds, no save.
Rachel: That was amazing. I can't even send back soup.
Rachel: What's that?
Rachel: Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Rachel: Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Rachel: (holds a pair of panties in front of Ross) Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Rachel: Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
Rachel: What uh-oh?
Rachel: Ross, what's the matter?
Rachel: Come on, show me.
Rachel: Oh, everything's pink.
Rachel: Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Rachel: Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
Rachel: Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
Rachel: I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Rachel: Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Rachel: All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Rachel: (to Ross) Yes! Did you see that?
Rachel: I could not have done this without you.
Rachel: Are you sure?
Rachel: Oh, are you sure you're ok?
Rachel: Does it still hurt?
Rachel: Where's Chandler?
Rachel: (reading the program) Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
Rachel: God. I feel violated.
Rachel: Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
Rachel: What is it?
Rachel: Tah-daaah!
Rachel: Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Rachel: Well, whaddya think?
Rachel: I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
Rachel: Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Rachel: ..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Rachel: Who is being loud?
Rachel: Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Rachel: Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
Rachel: Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?
Rachel: Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
Rachel: Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Rachel: Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Rachel: Wow, you guys, this is big.
Rachel: That had to hurt!
Rachel: Alright, somebody.
Rachel: Um... Ross?
Rachel: Oh come on, I already went.
Rachel: Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... (sigh)... oh, the foot of the bed.
Rachel: I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Rachel: There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Rachel: No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
Rachel: I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Rachel: Yeah right.
Rachel: (sigh) OK.
Rachel: You don't.
Rachel: Really?
Rachel: You do?
Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great. (she playfully rubs his head and gets up)
Rachel: What are you shushing?
Rachel: Ahhhh!
Rachel: Huh. (she agrees, but looks very confused)
Rachel: Hmmm... this is so nice.
Rachel: OK.
Rachel: Ohhh!!!! (looking at something behind Ross)
Rachel: Oh, look at the little cat! (a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross)
Rachel: During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
Rachel: Oh. (they knock at the next door, Mr. Heckles answers) Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner.
Rachel: Bob Buttons?
Rachel: Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Rachel: Wow. (she exhales in amazement, blowing the candle out)
Rachel: (entering with Paolo, arm in arm) Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Rachel: And Joey....
Rachel: And Ross.
Rachel: (proudly) He doesn't speak much English.
Rachel: Look at that!
Rachel: Oh... Italy, I think.
Rachel: Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!
Rachel: Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
Rachel: Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
Rachel: I have absolutely no idea.
Rachel: (to Monica and Phoebe) Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
Rachel: God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Rachel: Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Rachel: Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Rachel: Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Rachel: Oh my God! Calling from Rome! (Takes phone) Bon giorno, caro mio.
Rachel: Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. (Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler) I'm talking to Rome.
Rachel: (exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
Rachel: So, um, did she...
Rachel: Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? (Gives her a pencil)
Rachel: Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Rachel: Oh, you-you mean your earrings?
Rachel: (sticking her foot out) Hm-m.
Rachel: Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.
Rachel: Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
Rachel: (humouring him) Oh, well you know who I love the most?
Rachel: You!
Rachel: (still trapped under Ross) Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?
Rachel: Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Rachel: Aww, look at the little thing.
Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Rachel: Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
Rachel: It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Rachel: Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? (everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that.
Rachel: Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Rachel: Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. (picks up the tip he leaves) Only $98.50 to go.
Rachel: Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Rachel: Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
Rachel: No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Rachel: Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
Rachel: Thank you. Thank you so much!
Rachel: Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Rachel: Oh my god.
Rachel: Saw what?
Rachel: I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rachel: Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
Rachel: Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. (she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis) Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
Rachel: I can't, I gotta go.
Rachel: Ok.
Rachel: I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Rachel: We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.
Rachel: Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."
Rachel: No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".
Rachel: Oh, I gotta get my ticket!
Rachel: (grabs Chandler by the shirt) All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this (makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits) right now. But I'm not.
Rachel: No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
Rachel: Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
Rachel: Well, you should have.
Rachel: Because!
Rachel: Because!
Rachel: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: By all means.
Rachel: And a crappy New Year.
Rachel: Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
Rachel: Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? (They all protest and hit her with cushions) Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Rachel: Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Rachel: Phoebe, you're on.
Rachel: (Into microphone) Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Rachel: Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Rachel: Yeah!
Rachel: (Brings Joey a mug of coffee) Okay, here we go...
Rachel: (Glances at Joey and then sips his coffee) There. Now there is.
Rachel: Five.
Rachel: Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
Rachel: Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
Rachel: Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip?
Rachel: Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.
Rachel: The bll is drrbing!
Rachel: I can't kiss anyone.
Rachel: ...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.
Rachel: Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! (Turns on the TV)
Rachel: No way, forget it.
Rachel: Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Rachel: Oh, hi sweetie. (They kiss)
Rachel: Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Rachel: Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Rachel: Hey.
Rachel: What're you guys doing out here?
Rachel: Well,sounds like you two have issues.
Rachel: Goodbye, baby.
Rachel: Hey.
Rachel: Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Rachel: Hey.
Rachel: Okay. (Writes a little more) I am so hot!
Rachel: (Into microphone) Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Rachel: (Into mike) Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo!
Rachel: Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Rachel: Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
Rachel: Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!
Rachel: Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos (touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable)
Rachel: Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
Rachel: I know...
Rachel: I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
Rachel: (to Ross) I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
Rachel: Pheebs!
Rachel: Oh, right, that's me!
Rachel: "Ooo," what?
Rachel: Hi Pheebs!
Rachel: No, these aren't all my suitcases. (picks up small blue suitcase and shows to Phoebe) This one's Paolo's.
Rachel: Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.
Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Rachel: (taking cookie) Ok, thanks Pheebs (takes bite of cookie, overwhelmed) Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
Rachel: All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
Rachel: I guess you don't.
Rachel: I need some milk.
Rachel: No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
Rachel: Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!
Rachel: I don't know...right, he's the pig!
Rachel: Oh, God, he's such a pig,
Rachel: He's like a big disgusting...
Rachel: ...pig...pig man!
Rachel: (voice wavers) Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
Rachel: Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
Rachel: Oh, God...
Rachel: No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
Rachel: Hey.
Rachel: Ooh, I've been better...
Rachel: Oh, Ross...
Rachel: I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. (Ross crosses arms)
Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great!
Rachel: Oh...
Rachel: ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Rachel: No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Rachel: No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
Rachel: That is it! You just barge in here, you don't knock
Rachel: You have no respect for anybody's privacy!
Rachel: No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
Rachel: What? What?!
Rachel: Oh!!
Rachel: He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
Rachel: Okaaay. (To the guys, on the couch) Any of you guys want anything else?
Rachel: No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Rachel: Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Rachel: Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
Rachel: I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? (She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest) Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... (Notices Chandler) Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Rachel: Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Rachel: C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
Rachel: You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Rachel: Hi, I'm Rachel.
Rachel: Bathroom's up there.
Rachel: Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
Rachel: Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. (She goes into Joey and Chandler's apartment, where Mr. Tribbiani is reading the paper) Hey, Mr. Trib.
Rachel: Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing.
Rachel: I thought it was Chandler!
Rachel: You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!
Rachel: We hate that guy.
Rachel: We're sorry.
Rachel: Wow.
Rachel: Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Rachel: What happened?
Rachel: Do what, do what?
Rachel: No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Rachel: Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Rachel: Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
Rachel: Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. (imitating) "Was it good for you?"
Rachel: How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Rachel: Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.
Rachel: Or?
Rachel: Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.
Rachel: Oh my god. Janice, hi!
Rachel: Oh, Joey, look who it is.
Rachel: Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Rachel: (tossing things in the fire) Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
Rachel: (looking at picture) Hey he's wearing a sweater.
Rachel: And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.
Rachel: Really?
Rachel: So, um, will you bring the truck?
Rachel: Oh, my god.
Rachel: Oh, they're firemen guys.
Rachel: (to Joey) Coffee. (Hands it to him.)
Rachel: (to Ross) Cappuccino. (Hands it to him.)
Rachel: And a nice hot cider for Monica. (Hands it to her.)
Rachel: Yeah?
Rachel: Oh! That's why. (Rachel checks behind her ear, and finds a cinamon stick.) I'm sorry!
Rachel: ... the WENUS?
Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh. That WENUS.
Rachel: No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
Rachel: Career counselor?
Rachel: I don't!
Rachel: The meeting with the guy went great?
Rachel: What are you going to make?
Rachel: (pause) And Monica, what are you going to make?
Rachel: (trying to sound like a bug) Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Rachel: So what are you guys going to do?
Rachel: My God! What happened to you?
Rachel: (comes up and rubs him on the chest) Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Rachel: (hurt) Waitressing?
Rachel: But, but?
Rachel: Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Rachel: Who was that?
Rachel: Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. (she walks away towards the door)
Rachel: No.
Rachel: Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
Rachel: Done.
Rachel: Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?
Rachel: What's up?
Rachel: What?
Rachel: OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.
Rachel: Let me, let me get you some wine!
Rachel: Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
Rachel: You don't want to work for a guy like that.
Rachel: Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Rachel: No, yeah, I’ve done that.
Rachel: I’ve never done that.
Rachel: Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just don’t get along?
Rachel: So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?
Rachel: Well, isn’t, isn’t that gonna be weird?
Rachel: (Looking at the television) Cool... "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel."
Rachel: Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... (finally noticing Monica’s note stuck to the refrigerator) How long has that been there?
Rachel: So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Rachel: Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
Rachel: Ooh, okay... good.
Rachel: Oh, well, that shouldn’t be so hard, now that you’re dating. (Imitating men at their worst) "Sweetheart, you’re fired, but how ’bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Rachel: You don’t even have cats.
Rachel: We’ll try to keep it down.
Rachel: Are you seein’ her again tonight?
Rachel: This is just occurring to you?
Rachel: (She comforts him too) Oh, you’re gonna be great!
Rachel: Oh, how’d she take it?
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, he’s going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Rachel: Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Rachel: Oh please, they’ve been going out a week. They haven’t even slept together yet, I mean, that’s not serious.
Rachel: No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... (she climbs onto the railing to reach the top of a pole) ..I’m takin’ ’em down. Okay? Whoa! (Screams.)
Rachel: (To Monica) I’m okay! I’m okay! (She knocks on Mr. Heckles's window.) Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please?
Rachel: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
Rachel: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Rachel: You.
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.
Rachel: Why, how much is this gonna cost?
Rachel: Wel-wel-well what are we gonna do?
Rachel: (Like a big baby) Um... unless, unless I use yours.
Rachel: (Tapping the clipboard) well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
Rachel: Well, alright, then, forget it. (Getting up to go) Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!
Rachel: Thank you. Thank you. I love you.
Rachel: Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor?
Rachel: I meant er, (struggling to concentrate) young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
Rachel: ..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Rachel: Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
Rachel: What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, (spelling it out in the air for her slow friend) cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Rachel: Was that the cake?
Rachel: I hope it's okay.
Rachel: (entering from her room) Okay, coming!
Rachel: Hi.
Rachel: Oh, that's great. Look at that.
Rachel: Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
Rachel: Oh, Monica! Would you stop being such a wuss?
Rachel: (Resenting the truth) I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
Rachel: You know what?
Rachel: You know what?
Rachel: You know what?
Rachel: Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother.
Rachel: Hello! Here we go!
Rachel: (as Monica) Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Rachel: (as Monica) Aahh, I'm a... chef at a restaurant uptown.
Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah it is, mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do.
Rachel: (as Monica) And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
Rachel: (as Monica) I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
Rachel: Would you excuse me for a second?
Rachel: (on phone) Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! (Rachel turns to Monica, clasping the receiver to her bosom so Dr.Green can't hear, while mouthing "You are...") ...dead!
Rachel: Hello? (Listens) Um, yeah, uh, (snapping her fingers at Ross who takes the remote from Marcel, then turns off the TV) Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
Rachel: It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...
Rachel: Okay (desperately hands the receiver over) no, you do it.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Ohhh... (slumping in relief) Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.
Rachel: Okay, let me just change.
Rachel: (as Monica) Hi, remember us?
Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.
Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah, I know... (mirroring her friend) ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.
Rachel: Oh.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: (as Monica) Oh.
Rachel: (as Monica) Hi.
Rachel: �Mira, mira, el viejo desnudo est� haciendo el hula hoop! (Look, look, Ugly Naked Guy is doing the hula!)
Rachel: Hey, look, you guys, I'm going for anything here, OK? I cannot be a waitress anymore, I mean it. I'm sick of the lousy tips, I'm sick of being called 'Excuse me...'
Rachel: Uh... yeah, why?
Rachel: (upset) Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?
Rachel: Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? (to Monica, quietly): Did you bring the mail?
Rachel: (to Monica): Really? (out loud): Sure, we have scones left! (to Monica): OK, read them to me.
Rachel: (out loud): We have apple cinnamon...
Rachel: What?
Rachel: (grabs the bill) Give me that!
Rachel: Hi! How are you?
Rachel: OK. (walks away)
Rachel: Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
Rachel: Really.
Rachel: But you could teach us.
Rachel: Oh, good for you!
Rachel: Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! (gives it to Phoebe)
Rachel: Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Rachel: OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... (gets up to leave)
Rachel: Settle what?
Rachel: Oh. Right.
Rachel: (to Ross): So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Rachel: (opening mail) Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
Rachel: Oh, I beg to differ. The Pictionary incident?
Rachel: Oooooh. (reads letter) (surprised): Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!
Rachel: (in disbelief): Sak's... Fifth... Avenue.
Rachel: Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
Rachel: No.
Rachel: Why?
Rachel: Oh my God!
Rachel: Hi!
Rachel: Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Rachel: Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and—oh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Rachel: Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
Rachel: No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.
Rachel: Alright... (shuffles cards expertly, all the guys stare in amazement)
Rachel: Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. (hands over her money)
Rachel: Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
Rachel: Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
Rachel: Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
Rachel: Your fly is open, Geller. (he checks it, and zips up)
Rachel: I'm in.
Rachel: Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! (lays down cards) I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? (collects chips) I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. (holds up a chip) I think that one was Ross's, and I think—oh—that one was Ross's. Yes! (Starts singing): Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Rachel: And your fly's still open...
Rachel: Ha, I made you look....
Rachel: I couldn't be inner. Monica?
Rachel: Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. (throws chips in pot) What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Rachel: I'm not telling. (collects chips)
Rachel: No..!
Rachel: Get your hands out of there! No!
Rachel: (deals new hand) Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Rachel: Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. (phone rings)
Rachel: (answering phone) Hel-lo, Rachel Green.
Rachel: (on phone) Excuse me. (covers up phone; to Ross) It's about the job.
Rachel: Barbara! Hi, how are you? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea—Hello? Hello? (hangs up phone, very depressed)
Rachel: Yeah...(sigh)....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Rachel: Yes, we do. (pause)
Rachel: I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars. (throws it in)
Rachel: Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Rachel: (to Ross): Loser?
Rachel: What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
Rachel: How many you want?
Rachel: Dealer takes two. (she deals herself two cards) What do you bet?
Rachel: OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty. (throws it in)
Rachel: See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse.
Rachel: OK, then get me your purse.
Rachel: (to Monica): Thank you. (to Ross): I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
Rachel: (lays down cards) Full house.
Rachel: Oh, time's up.
Rachel: OK, OK, it's my turn. (reads the answer)
Rachel: Yes!
Rachel: Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? (Guy shakes his head) Okay.
Rachel: Thank you. (Examines it) Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!
Rachel: Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
Rachel: Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
Rachel: Barry who I almost.
Rachel: Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
Rachel: No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Rachel: Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Rachel: Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Rachel: Hi, how was the movie?
Rachel: (To Marcel) And I will see you tomorrow!
Rachel: Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- (Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe) Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? (Takes the shoe into the kitchen) Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! (She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut) Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. (She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in) Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- (Looks down and notices he is missing) Marcel? Marc- (Notices the open door)
Rachel: I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Rachel: I don't know. The left one.
Rachel: Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
Rachel: C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
Rachel: Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Rachel: Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Rachel: Anybody wanna trade? Oh...
Rachel: (On the phone) Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... (Enter Ross) ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Rachel: Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
Rachel: Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Rachel: Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Rachel: Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Rachel: Y'know Marcel?
Rachel: Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.
Rachel: I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Rachel: (Tearfully) Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- (Door buzzer goes and she runs to get it) Oh! Who is it?
Rachel: See? I've even called Animal Control!
Rachel: Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
Rachel: O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
Rachel: Hi, thanks for coming.
Rachel: Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding! (Ross puts his arms around her and they act all sweetness and light)
Rachel: Turned out it was a hat.
Rachel: Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!
Rachel: Yeah!
Rachel: Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
Rachel: Yes!!
Rachel: None.
Rachel: What?!
Rachel: Marcel?
Rachel: Ross, you don't know that.
Rachel: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. (Kicks the sign) Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Rachel: Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Rachel: Ross.
Rachel: Ross.
Rachel: Ross!
Rachel: Then what's with all the bananas?
Rachel: Oh, c'mon, Luisa!
Rachel: Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Rachel: Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Rachel: Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
Rachel: Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...
Rachel: That'd be good.
Rachel: Barry?!
Rachel: Oh, that is so sick.
Rachel: Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Rachel: Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Rachel: Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Rachel: Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Rachel: Why?
Rachel: All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
Rachel: Wow... Wow!
Rachel: I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Rachel: Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...
Rachel: Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.
Rachel: Well, what about Mindy?
Rachel: No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?
Rachel: No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.
Rachel: Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
Rachel: I had a bra.
Rachel: What?!
Rachel: Pretty well, actually... (Wandering into the kitchen.)
Rachel: Oh, do I?
Rachel: (in a low voice) We ended up having sex in his chair.
Rachel: I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
Rachel: Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?
Rachel: (on phone) Hello?(Listens) Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? (Listens) Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. (Listens) Really? (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Rachel: Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (Does so, on phone) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
Rachel: Get down?
Rachel: Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Rachel: Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Rachel: And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Rachel: Right, I'll see you guys later...
Rachel: Mindy.
Rachel: Hey, you.... So, what's up?
Rachel: Sure we should... So.
Rachel: Okay.
Rachel: Of course!
Rachel: Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Rachel: Ohhhh!! (Mindy starts to sob.) ...What? What?
Rachel: Oh sure it is!
Rachel: Um, what- what would make you think that?
Rachel: (draws back) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Rachel: What? What's what you were afraid of?
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
Rachel: (offers her arm to Mindy and she sniffs) Smell familiar?
Rachel: Oh, I am so sorry.
Rachel: Hey. Got a second?
Rachel: Uh, we are here to break up with you.
Rachel: Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
Rachel: Even when we were having sex in that chair?
Rachel: Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
Rachel: Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Rachel: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Rachel: What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Rachel: Oh God.
Rachel: And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Rachel: You don't know?!
Rachel: Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
Rachel: Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
Rachel: (Out of shot) Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!
Rachel: Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.
Rachel: Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: You're not an artist.
Rachel: Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Rachel: (Yawning) Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...
Rachel: (Yawning) Nooo...
Rachel: Hey.
Rachel: What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
Rachel: Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
Rachel: Which one do you think she is?
Rachel: What does she mean?
Rachel: She could be you.
Rachel: What? You just click when they click.
Rachel: Nope. We took her to lunch.
Rachel: No way. No way did you do this.
Rachel: Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. (Exits)
Rachel: Oh, somebody will.
Rachel: Where the hell've you been?
Rachel: Are you drunk?!
Rachel: Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...
Rachel: Monica? Monica!
Rachel: Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Rachel: Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Rachel: Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: (Brings Marcel a teddy bear) Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
Rachel: No.
Rachel: Shut up!
Rachel: All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Rachel: Well, you were pretty damn good.
Rachel: Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
Rachel: Get off.
Rachel: What are you playing with?
Rachel: Off to see young Ethan?
Rachel: Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Rachel: Could tonight be the Night?
Rachel: So, did you shave your legs?
Rachel: A-ha!
Rachel: No, forget it.
Rachel: All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. (Camera fades to Ross, who's listening very carefully) Joey was there too.
Rachel: No.
Rachel: No, it was just the three of us.
Rachel: (laughs) You know what?
Rachel: There were times when it wasn't even me.
Rachel: Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
Rachel: Ethan called again.
Rachel: I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Rachel: Where are you going?
Rachel: (understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone) Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?
Rachel: True story.
Rachel: Let's dry 'em again.
Rachel: (talking in her sleep) Oooooooooh. (Rachel strokes her hand over the pillow. Ross mimicks her silently) Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!
Rachel: Ross?
Rachel: You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...  Wow!
Rachel: What?
Rachel: What?
Rachel: I don't know where the phone is.
Rachel: Ross?
Rachel: What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Rachel: Rossy, Rossy.
Rachel: Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.
Rachel: What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
Rachel: Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Rachel: And if you need anything else, I—(notices the handsome Dr. Franzblau)—do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
Rachel: Oh, that's funny!
Rachel: Hey.
Rachel: Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Rachel: Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. (Pause) What if the baby needs him?
Rachel: Yeah, why?
Rachel: No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
Rachel: Ok?
Rachel: (to Dr. Franzblau) Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
Rachel: (anxiously) No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
Rachel: Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors.
Rachel: Oh.
Rachel: I'm a waitress.
Rachel: (getting the point) Yeah. Gotcha.
Rachel: Ok. That's fine. (takes her earrings out)
Rachel: Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.
Rachel: Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.
Rachel: Oh, I know. Look at him.
Rachel: You guys wanna get some coffee?
Rachel: Oh, let me see! (grabs picture) Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
Rachel: Pardon?
Rachel: Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. (walks into living room)
Rachel: OK, I'm guessing this is from...
Rachel: Well, thank you, Melanie.
Rachel: (picks it up) OK... ah, it's light... (shakes it)...it rattles... it's... (opens it) Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you! (she gives it back to him)
Rachel: This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And...(opens it)...it's a book!
Rachel: Who's this from?
Rachel: Oh... (opens it)... (sees it is a pin) Oh my God. He remembered.
Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Rachel: What did you just say?
Rachel: No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
Rachel: Oh.... my God.
Rachel: I mean, this is unbelievable.
Rachel: No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... (to Joey): W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
Rachel: Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. (gets up to leave)
Rachel: I-I-I don't know.
Rachel: I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Rachel: Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later. (opens door)
Rachel: Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....
Rachel: Hi.
Rachel: Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend.
Rachel: No, I know, but I—he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
Rachel: OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.
Rachel: Uh... I don't know.
Rachel: I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Rachel: I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Rachel: (confused) Huh?
Rachel: I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Rachel: No!
Rachel: No, I'm just....
Rachel: Wha...
Rachel: No! There is.. there is noone else!
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Rachel: Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this—this whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Rachel: Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
Rachel: Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
Rachel: Who is it?
Rachel: C'mon up.
Rachel: Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
Rachel: So I'm thinking about you. So what?
Rachel: Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....
Rachel: Ross, it's too hard.
Rachel: Ross, you're like my best friend.
Rachel: If we broke up, and I lost you...
Rachel: Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
Rachel: I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Rachel: Wow.
Rachel: Right! You're right!
Rachel: You know what?
Rachel: I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... (gives him her drink) I mean—I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
Rachel: (sifting through crowd) Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.