Joey: (lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don’t really know what happened with that.

[cut to Phoebe Sr.’s house, from the last episode]

Phoebe Sr.: (to Phoebe) I’m your mother.

Phoebe: Ehh?

[cut to Monica opening the door of the beach house, with Chandler trying to pick her up for a date.]

Joey: (voice-over) Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...

Chandler: (to Monica) (in a funny voice) Hi there. (Monica turns her head away in disgust)

Joey: (voice-over) ...and he couldn’t let it go, and... I don’t really know what happened with that either.

[cut to a montage of scenes involving Bonnie, Ross, and Rachel from the last episode.]

Joey: (voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either...

[cut back to Joey on the beach towel]

Joey: Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)

[Scene: The beach house, it’s the same scene from the end of last year, with Ross in front of the two doors of Rachel’s and Bonnie’s rooms, trying to decide which door to choose. He finally chooses the one his right and goes in.]

Ross: (surprised) Hi!

Rachel and Bonnie: Hi!

Bonnie: Rachel was just helping me out. My head got all sunburned.

Ross: Awww.

Bonnie: (to Rachel) Thanks a million.

Rachel: Oh, you’re welcome a million.

Bonnie: (getting up and leaving) (to Ross) Okay, I’ll see you in our room.

Ross: Yeah. (closes the door, and goes over and kisses Rachel.)

Rachel: (softly) Oh my God.

Ross: I know.

(They both kiss again and fall onto the bed.)

Ross: (stopping suddenly and getting up) Okay, I gotta go.

Rachel: Whoa! What?! Why?!

Ross: Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.

Rachel: Here?! Now?!

Ross: Well, yeah. I can’t-I can’t stay here all night, and if I go in there she’s-she’s gonna wanna... do stuff.

Rachel: Well, can’t you tell her that you are not in the mood?

Ross: No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...

Rachel: (interrupting) Whoa-ho.

Ross: Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?

Rachel: I don’t know.

(they kiss again)

Ross: Yeah, yeah. (opens the door) It wasn’t every morning.

Rachel: Oh, making it worse!

Ross: Okay.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Phoebe Sr.’s house, it’s right after she told Phoebe that she’s her birth mother.]

Phoebe Sr.: So I guess you’d like to know how it all happened.

Phoebe: I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!

Phoebe Sr.: Noo! No! It wasn’t like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.

Phoebe: How close?

Phoebe Sr.: Well, the-the three of us we were, kind of umm, a couple.

Phoebe: I don’t even know how that would work!

Phoebe Sr.: Well, we were...

Phoebe: (interrupting) I’m not asking!

Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it’s like to be eighteen years old?

Phoebe: Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.

Phoebe Sr.: Well, I’m so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn’t even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don’t know, you’re here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.

Phoebe: Yeah, well, everybody does! I’m a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn’t even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I’m just, I’m gonna do the same thing to you.

Phoebe Sr.: Wait!

Phoebe: I don’t ever want to see you again!

(She walks out and slams the door.)

Phoebe: (walking back in with her hand over her eyes.) Umm, where’s my purse?

[Scene: The beach house, Joey and Chandler are sitting at the dinner table, Monica is looking in the fridge.]

Monica: (closing the fridge in disgust) Shoot! We’re out of soda.

Chandler: (jumping up) Oh, I’ll go out and get you some.

Monica: Really?!

Chandler: Nope! Because I’m not your boyfriend. (to Phoebe, who’s entering) Hey Pheebs, how did it go?

Phoebe: Well, umm, my Mom’s friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.

(The gang is shocked.)

Chandler: I found a dried up seashores.

Monica: Sweety, what are you talking about?

Phoebe: Oh, my new Mom, who-who’s a big, fat abandoner! (starts to go upstairs)

Joey: Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?

Phoebe: No. I’m just, I wanna, I need to be alone.

(She starts to go upstairs.)

Phoebe: (turning around, insistently) Monica!

Monica: Oh.

[Scene: The beach house, Rachel’s bedroom. She is finishing up writing something as Ross walks through the door.]

Ross: It’s over.

Rachel: Oh, was it awful?

Ross: Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on her head. (They both start to laugh, then stop themselves quickly.) Anyway, she didn’t want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.

(They kiss.)

Rachel: I wrote you a letter.

Ross: Ohh! Thank you! I like mail. (He goes to kiss her again, but she turns away.)

Rachel: (handing him the letter) It’s just some things I’ve been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.

Ross: Okay. (He leans in to kiss her again, but she leans back preventing him from making contact.) Wow, it’s-it’s 5:30 in the morning. (Rachel laughs) So, I’d better get cracking on this baby.

Rachel: Well, I’ll be waiting for you, just come up when you’re done.

Ross: Okay, I’ll be up in, (looks at the letter) 18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.

[Scene: The beach house, the next morning. Ross is passed out on the kitchen counter. He wakes up with a start and has one of the pages of the letter stuck to his face.]

Ross: Oh. (looks at his watch) Oh-oh. (takes a drink of coffee and resumes reading the letter)

Rachel: (coming down the stairs) Hey! (Ross jumps up, and quickly puts the letter back together, pretending like he has just finished it.) What happened to you? Why didn’t you come up?

Ross: Done!

Rachel: You just finished?

Ross: Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!

Rachel: So umm, does it?

Ross: I’m sorry.

Rachel: Does it?

Ross: Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ‘Does it?’ part just another glance.

Rachel: What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn’t, and if you have to even think about it...

Ross: (interrupting) No, Rach, no. I don’t, I don’t, I don’t have to think about it, in fact, I’ve decided, I’ve decided that, that it.......does.

(Rachel stands there for a moment, starting to cry. Then gasps and runs over and hugs him. While hugging her, Ross tries to find the ‘Does it?’ part in the letter.)

Rachel: Are you sure?

Ross: Oh, sure! I’m sure.

Rachel: I know. (Hugs him more violently this time and pushes him back away from the letter.)

[Scene: The beach. Chandler and Monica are out getting some sun.]

Chandler: All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?

Monica: Ennnh.

Chandler: I’ve got canned goods.

Joey: (jumping up in a hole that he is digging, he is shoulder deep) Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out, dug me a hole!

Chandler: Excellent hole, Joe.

(A wave crashes on the beach and partially fills up his hole.)

Joey: Oh no! No!! My hole!!

Monica: (screaming in pain) Ow!! Ow!!!

Joey: (climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!

Monica: Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!

Chandler: Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!

Monica: It’s like two miles!

Joey: Yeah, and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.

Monica: Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!

Chandler: We’ve got to do something!

Joey: Well, there’s really only one thing you can do.

Monica: What?! What is it?!

Joey: You’re gonna have to pee on it.

Monica: What?!! Gross!!

Joey: Don’t blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.

Chandler: Y'know what, he’s right. There’s something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.

Monica: Well forget it! It doesn’t hurt that (tries to take a step) baaad!!!!

Joey: If you want some privacy you can use my hole.

[Scene: The beach house, Phoebe is coming down the stairs all packed and ready to go.]

Phoebe: Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here! (Sees Ross and Rachel cuddling on the couch.) Oh. Are you? Are you?!! (they nod ‘Yes.’) Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. (they nod ‘No.’) But for you, yay! Ohh.

(The rest of the gang arrives with their heads down in shame.)

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: How was the beach?

Monica: Nothing, I don’t know.

Ross: What happened?

Monica: Nothing. I’m gonna take a shower.

Chandler: Me too!!

Joey: Me too.

Phoebe: Okay, I’m gonna put this (her suitcase) in the car.

Rachel: Ooh, I have to go pack. (Gets up to do so.) It really does?

Ross: It does. It really and truly does.

(Rachel kisses him, and goes upstairs. After she’s gone, Ross frantically tries to find and read the ‘Does it?’ part.)

Ross: (finding the part) (looks up in disgust) It so does not!!!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is telling Joey and Chandler about the letter.]

Ross: She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! (Both Joey and Chandler shrug their shoulders as to say ”Well...”) (yelling) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!

Chandler: Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I’m gonna break up with you!

Ross: Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, (reading from the letter) “If you accept full responsibility...” (to Chandler and Joey) Full responsibility! “...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. (yells at Joey) Does it?!!”

Joey: No?

Chandler: Look, Ross, you have what you want, you’re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you’re gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.

Ross: (calming down) Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you’re right. Yeah I guess I’ll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.

Joey: Sure, it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, (to Chandler) ever talk about.

Ross: What the hell happened on that beach?!

Joey: It’s between us and the sea, Ross!

(Ross laughs and has a ‘Come on...’ look on his face as he looks and Chandler who nods his head in agreement with Joey. Ross is stunned.)

[Scene: A hallway in an apartment building. Phoebe is knocks on a door and it opens.]

Phoebe: (to the person that answered the door) Hi, Ursula.

Ursula: Hey!

Phoebe: Okay, well umm, I know that we haven’t talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.

Ursula: Right, okay, the one that lives in Montuak, umm-hmm.

Phoebe: (shocked) You know her?!

Ursula: No, I umm, I read about her in Mom’s suicide note.

Phoebe: There-there was a suicide note?! (Ursula nods ‘Yes.’) Well, do you still have it?

Ursula: (disgusted) Hang on. (She goes into her apartment and slams the door in Phoebe’s face.)

Phoebe: I can’t believe you didn’t tell me there was a suicide note!

Ursula: Yeah. So how have you been doing?

Phoebe: I, umm, shut up!

(Ursula opens the door and hands her the note.)

Phoebe: (reading from the note) “Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I’ll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk.” You just wrote this!

Ursula: Well, it’s pretty much the gist. Well, except for the poem. You read the poem, right?

Phoebe: Noooo!!

Ursula: All right, hang on! (She takes the note, goes back into her apartment and slams the door shut.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Monica, and Joey are sitting at the table eating dinner and not talking. Ross and Rachel are outside cuddling on the balcony.]

Monica: Pass the cheese, please.

(Joey hands her the cheese without looking at her.)

Monica: My God, you can’t even look at me! Can you?

Joey: Nope.

(Phoebe enters.)

Chandler: (jumping up) Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!

Phoebe: No. I’m-I’m to depressed to talk.

Chandler: I’ll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.

Ross: (coming back in with Rachel) Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?

Chandler, Monica, and Joey: NO!!!

Rachel: All right, that’s it, you guys! What happened out there?

Monica: What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.

Ross and Rachel: Come on!

Ross: What happened? Joey?

Joey: All right. (gets up)

Monica: (stopping him) No! Joey, we swore we’d never tell!

Chandler: (running over and joining Monica) They’ll never understand!

Joey: Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.

Monica: (interrupting) All right!! All right. (walks slowly into the living room) I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn’t stand. I-I couldn’t walk.

Chandler: (following Monica) We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn’t think we could make it. (He goes to put his hands on Monica’s shoulders but for some reason can quite complete the action and pulls back.)

Monica: I was in too much pain.

Joey: And I was tired from digging the huge hole!

Chandler: And then Joey remembered something.

Joey: I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...

Ross: Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... (stops suddenly and turns to look at Monica) Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!

Phoebe and Rachel: Ewwww!!

Monica: You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn’t...bend that way. So... (looks at Joey.)

Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel: (turning to look at Joey) Ewwww!!

Joey: That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn’t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.

Chandler: (wails loudly into his hands) Joey kept screaming at me, “Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!” Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.

Joey: (laughs) That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is finishing up a song.]

Phoebe: (singing) “...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.” (applause) Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. (Sees that Phoebe Sr. has entered, and to her) Except for you. You go away.

Phoebe Sr.: I’ll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn’t been a day where I didn’t regret giving you up.

Phoebe: Okay, bye.

Phoebe Sr.: No, I’m not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn’t look you up was, well I was afraid that you’d react, just well like, the way, the way you’re reacting right now, and can’t we just, y'know, start from here?

Phoebe: No.

Phoebe Sr.: Sorry. But just one last thing. Y'know you came looking for family. I’m family, I’m it. Now, now I’m done. (starts to leave)

Phoebe: But, it’s not like we’re losing anything. Y'know?

Phoebe Sr.: Yeah, I guess you’re right.

Phoebe: It’s not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common.

Phoebe Sr.: Well, I don’t know. I mean it’s not like we don’t have anything in common. I mean I like uh, pizza.

Phoebe: I-I like pizza!

Phoebe Sr.: You do?! Wait, I like umm, the Beetles.

Phoebe: Oh my God, so do I!

Phoebe Sr.: I knew it, wow!!

Phoebe: Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly?

Phoebe Sr.: Ohh, so cute.

Phoebe: Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I’m-I’m mad at you.

Phoebe Sr.: I know. I’m mad at me too.

Phoebe: Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I’m kinda hungry.

Phoebe Sr.: Hey! Me too!

Phoebe: All right, stop it. Now you’re just doing it to freak me out.

[Scene: Rachel’s bedroom. Ross and Rachel have just finished consummating the new relationship.]

Rachel: Oh-hooo, I missed you.

Ross: I missed you too.

Rachel: Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?

Ross: (getting miffed) I suppose.

Rachel: You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a cheater, always a cheater.”

Ross: (getting angry) Umm-hmm.

Rachel: Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...

[cut to Monica cleaning the floor in the kitchen]

Ross: (yelling from the bedroom) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!

Chandler: (entering with Joey) (to Monica) Coffee house?

Monica: You bet.

[cut back to Rachel’s bedroom with both of them hurriedly getting dressed]

Ross: And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!

Rachel: Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!

Ross: I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!

Rachel: What?!!

Ross: I fell asleep!

Rachel: You fell asleep?!

Ross: It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! (they go into the living room, trapping Monica, Chandler, and Joey in the kitchen) (to Rachel) Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means ‘you are,’ Y-O-U-R means ‘your!’

Rachel: Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!

Ross: (starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)

Rachel: Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you’re at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!

Monica: Hey!!

Rachel: (to Monica) Sorry!! (to Ross) I just feel bad about all that sleep you’re gonna miss wishing you were with me!

Ross: Oh, no-no-no don’t you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!

Rachel: And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!

Chandler: I KNEW IT!!!!

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are playing cards at the dinner table.]

Monica: (sets down some cards) Gin.

Chandler: We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.

Monica: Will you stop!

Chandler: Okay. All right.

Monica: Okay, all right, I think you’re great, I think you’re sweet, and you’re smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is eating breakfast as Chandler comes out of his bedroom, ripping his coat in the process.]

Chandler: Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!

Joey: How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.

Chandler: You don’t turn and slide, you throw it out! I’m tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!

Joey: Look, we’re not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!

Chandler: All right, how about we, how ‘bout we sell it.

Joey: All right. But, you’re gonna have to tell them. (He opens the cabinet to reveal the chick and the duck living inside with Christmas lights and a disco ball as decorations.)

Chandler: (nods his head) Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? (to Joey) They seem all right with it!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Ross are there. Monica is checking the messages.]

Chip: (on machine) Hey Monica, it’s Chip.

Monica: Yesss!!

Ross: Who’s Chip?

Monica: Shhh!

Chip: (on machine) Good runnin’ into you at the bank today, so ah, here’s my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.

Monica: Chip, is Chip Matthews.

Ross: The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?

Monica: ‘Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.

Ross: Monica, you’re so lucky! He’s like the most popular guy in school!!

Monica: I know!! (calls him) (on phone) Chip? Hi! It’s Monica. (listens) ‘Kay. (listens) ‘Kay. (listens) Okay. (listens) Okay, good-bye. (hangs up) Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!! (goes into her room as Rachel enters)

Ross: (to Rachel) I was just leaving.

Rachel: Good! ‘Cause I’ve got a product report to read, it’s like eight pages, I hope I don’t fall asleep.

Ross: Why? Did you write it?

Rachel: (sees Chip’s phone number) Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?

Ross: Well ah, actually...

Rachel: (interrupting) I bet he sensed that I was ready to have sex with another guy.

Ross: Well, umm, why don’t you give him a call?

Rachel: Okay. (picks up phone) Are you sure you wanna hear this?

Ross: Oh, I’m sure.

Rachel: (on phone) Chip! Hi, it’s Rachel. (listens) Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. (listens) Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. (listens) Monica Geller. (listens) Ohh.

Ross: (whispering in her ear) Oh, that’s right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that’s gotta be embarrassing!

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is finishing up a song.]

Phoebe: (screaming, angrily) ...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! (applause) (happily) Thank you, thanks.

Ross: (reading the newspaper) Hey, here’s a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?

Chandler: Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.

Ross: I’m reading your ad.

Joey: Looks good, uh?

Ross: Yeah.

Chandler: (reading the ad) Stunning entertainment center. Fine, (pause) fine Italian craftsmanship. (Joey is very proud of himself)

Phoebe: Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?

Rachel: Why? I love that thing.

Chandler: You want it?

Phoebe and Rachel: Oh no.

Chandler: Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?

Joey: Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!

Chandler: All right look, I’m changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.

Joey: What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.

Chandler: (looks at him) Nooo.

Joey: Oh. What do you do?

Chandler: I can’t believe you don’t know what I do for a living!

Phoebe: Yeah, I actually don’t know...

Ross: Good, so do I

Rachel: Something to do with numbers?

[Cut to someone entering Central Perk which lets a cat in. The cat then runs over to Phoebe’s guitar case and starts sniffing around.]

Phoebe: Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! (goes over and picks up the cat) Come on. Crazy. (looks into the cat’s eyes) Oh my God.

Rachel: What?

Phoebe: Nothing. Nothing.

Joey: What? What’s wrong?

Phoebe: I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.

Rachel: You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!

Phoebe: No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.

Ross: Are you sure she’s in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma’s glycoma medicine again?

Phoebe: No Dr. Skeptismo! I’m sure. First of all, okay, there’s the feeling. (Chandler shrugs) Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. (Rachel nods her head in unsure agreement) My Mother’s favourite fish is Orange Roughy... (Joey thinks he understands, but then nods that he has no clue.) Cats....like....fish! (Ross and Rachel are totally lost) (to the cat) Hi, Mommy. (Rachel covers her mouth, in an “Oh my God.” gesture) Oh, I haven’t seen this smile in 17 years!

Joey: (to Chandler) Dude, Phoebe’s mom has got a huge peni...

Chandler: (interrupting) Let it go!!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is working as Monica enters.]

Monica: Hey!

Rachel: Umm, when were you gonna tell me that you’re going out with Chip Matthews?

Monica: Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?

Rachel: Nooo! It’s not okay! I can’t believe you would want to after what he did to me!

Monica: What, that little thing at the prom?

Rachel: Monica! I couldn’t find him for two hours! He was having sex with Amy Welch!

Monica: Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?

Rachel: I mean why, of all people would you want to go out with Chip?!

Monica: Look, you and I went to different high schools...

Rachel: Okay, that doesn’t help me, because we went to the same high school.

Monica: You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip’s motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.

Rachel: (shocked) They had to have that specially made?!

Monica: It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.

Rachel: (stunned) Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!

Monica: Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he’s-he’s called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.

Rachel: Oh, you go out with him. (goes over and hugs her)

Monica: Oh, really?!

Rachel: Yeah. Just, if it’s possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?

Monica: I’ll try.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, they are all there eating breakfast.]

Ross: So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?

Joey: Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don’t think any of them are gonna work out.

Chandler: Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.

Phoebe: (is struggling with the cat) Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.

Ross: So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?

Phoebe: Well, I’m not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there’s y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she’s worried that y'know, she’s gonna, she’s gonna be replaced. (to the cat, in a funny voice) Well, that’s not gonna happen is it? Noo. (gets up) Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.

Monica: Why can’t you use the phone in here?

Phoebe: Well, I’m returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word. (goes into Monica’s room)

Ross: So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe’s mom remind anyone of a cat?

Monica: Ross, don’t start.

Ross: Come on, you-you can’t tell me you actually believe that-that there’s a woman inside that cat!

Rachel: I believe it.

Ross: No you don’t.

Rachel: Yes, I do.

Ross: No you do—y'know what, you’re not gonna suck me into this.

Rachel: Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.

Ross: I do not always have to be—okay, okay. (starts to leave)

Rachel: Jurassic Park could happen.

(Ross wants to say something, but just smiles and leaves.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are showing a couple of guys (Tony and Peter) the entertainment center.]

Tony: Wow! That’s ah, that’s pretty nice!

Joey: Pretty nice?

Chandler: You’ll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.

Tony: We don’t have 50 bucks, but would you be willing to trade for it? We’ve got a canoe.

(Joey jumps up in excitement and without turning around Chandler holds out his hand stopping him, and ushering him back into his seat. Joey sits down, dejected.)

Chandler: Y'know, I, I really don’t think we need a canoe.

Tony: You gotta take the canoe!

Chandler: All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!

Peter: We’re not throwing it away! I built that canoe! (starts to leave as Tony chases after him)

Joey: (to Peter) Good for you!!

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, Monica, and Ross are there.]

Rachel: (entering) You guys, you’re never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! (She’s holding a flyer.) Look kinda familiar?

Ross: (taking the flyer) Apparently Phoebe’s mother also goes by the name Julio.

Rachel: You guys, there’s a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!

Joey: (looking at the flyer) Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward, split five ways!!

Rachel: Do we have to tell her?

Ross: Yes, we have to tell her!

Monica: Oh, but it’s made her so happy.

Ross: (holds up a hand) Little girl misses her cat. (hold up the other hand) Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. (gets up) Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.

All: (disappointed) Yeah.

Ross: Thank you.

Rachel: I hate when Ross is right!

Monica: He is right, isn’t he?

Chandler: Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he’s wrong.

All: You think?

Chandler: Oh-no, he’s right.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, the same scene is continued from before the break. With Joey, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler sitting on the couch.]

Phoebe: (entering, with Julio) Hi. (sits down in the chair)

Monica: Hi!

All: Hey!

Joey: Uh, Pheebs, about your mom...

Phoebe: Yeah?

Joey: (pause) How’s that going?

Phoebe: So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.

Joey: That’s so sweet. (pause) I’m gonna get some coffee. (gets up and leaves)

Monica: (sliding into Joey’s place on the couch to try and talk to Phoebe) Huh? What’d ya say Joe? I’ll be right there. (gets up and joins Joey)

(Rachel and Chandler slide into position.)

Rachel: Pheebs...

Phoebe: I just feel so, uhh.....

Rachel: All right!!

Chandler: I’m coming already!!

Rachel: Jeez!

(They both get up and leave Phoebe alone.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is reading at the kitchen table as there is a knock on the door.]

Monica: (running from the bathroom to her room, wearing only a towel) Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! (gets to her room and closes the door, as Rachel gets up to answer the door.)

Rachel: Hello, Chip.

Chip: Hey, Rach! How ya doin’?

Rachel: I’m great! I’m great. I’ve got a great job at Bloomingdale’s, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I’m not seeing anyone right now, I’ve never felt better about myself.

Chip: So ah, Monica ready yet?

Rachel: She’ll be out in a second. So, Chip, how’s umm, Amy Welch?

Chip: Amy Welch? Wow! I haven’t seen her since... So, Monica about ready?

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is showing off the entertainment center.]

Joey: This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.

Guy: What?!

Joey: Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn’t, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny ‘til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.

Guy: No, you, you can’t fit in that thing. That’s not deep enough.

Joey: Oh yeah? (opens up the center and takes out the stereo) If I can’t, I’ll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.

Guy: All right, you have yourself a deal. (shakes his hand)

Joey: Okay. (he gets in the unit and closes the door) See?! I told ya!

(The guys takes a hockey stick and slips it through the handles then proceeds to take the stereo and Chandler’s computer and walk out.)

Joey: Sometimes I get in here just to get away from it! Hey, a nickel!!

[Scene: A street, Chip is walking Monica to his motorcycle.]

Chip: Here, we are.

Monica: Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!

Chip: The what?

Monica: That’s what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you’re Chip. Nevermind.

Chip: No, I think it’s cute. (kisses her)

Monica: Wow! A lipper from Chipper.

Chip: So you still in touch with anyone from high school?

Monica: Umm. Well, there’s Rachel, and umm, I think that’s it. How bout you?

Chip: Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.

Monica: Is that all?

Chip: Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.

Monica: Ohh, how is he?

Chip: Not so good, Simmons and I gave him a wedgie.

Monica: Isn’t he an architect now?

Chip: Yeah, they still wear underwear.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is coming home. As we walks through the door, and without looking up, he goes to throw his keys on the foosball table, only, it’s gone and the keys it the floor. He then looks up at an empty apartment; everything is gone except for the entertainment center and that ceramic dog. Even the food in the fridge!]

Chandler: OH MY GOD!!!

Joey: (still trapped in the entertainment center) WHAT?!!

Chandler: Are you all right?!

Joey: Yeah...

Chandler: (lets him out) What happened?!!

Joey: (getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!

Chandler: What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!

Joey: Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!

Chandler: So—You got in voluntarily?!

Joey: I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna do?

Chandler: BEND OVER?!!!

[Scene: Dot’s Spot, Chip and Monica are on there date, eating dinner. Chip is telling a story.]

Chip: ...and then Zana, just let one rip!! (laughs histerically)

Monica: Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, ‘cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don’t even know where you work?

Chip: You know where I work!

Monica: I do?

Chip: The movie theatre, you used to come in all the time.

Monica: You still work at the multiplex?

Chip: Oh, like I’d give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.

Monica: Thanks, I’m set. Do you still live with your parents?

Chip: Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.

(Monica takes a big swig of her martini.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Rachel, Phoebe, and Julio are consoling Joey and Chandler.]

Rachel: Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.

Phoebe: Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.

Joey: (looking through a deck of cards) Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!

Monica: (entering) Oh my God! What happened?

Chandler: Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!

Rachel: (to Monica) So, how was your date?

Monica: Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?

Rachel: Um-hmm.

Monica: Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.

Rachel: Oh honey, I’m sorry.

Monica: No, it’s okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.

Rachel: Ohh! That’s so great!

Monica: I know!

Ross: (entering) Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?

Chandler: Oh, they said uh, “You don’t have insurance here, so stop calling us.”

Ross: (seeing Phoebe still with cat) You didn’t tell her?! (They all kinda shy away.) Okay, fine! Pheebs?

Phoebe: Yeah? (sees Ross) Hi!

Ross: Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.

Rachel: I’m sorry, sweetie. (shows her the flyer)

Monica: Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.

Phoebe: Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?

Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Rachel: That’s a good call. Right.

Ross: No! No! Look—Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!

Phoebe: (she turns around and puts the cat on the entertainment center) Ross, how many parents have you lost?

Ross: None.

Phoebe: Okay, then you don’t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I’m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.

Ross: I’m sorry.

Phoebe: Okay.

Ross: I don’t know what to say.

Rachel: You could.... say you’re sorry to her mom.

Phoebe: I think she would like that.

Ross: (goes over to Julio) Come here, here, come here, come here, (pause) Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend’s mother.

Phoebe: Thank you. We both forgive you.

Rachel: So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?

Phoebe: Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you’re welcome to come back anytime.

Chandler: Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we’d really appreciate it. (Joey nods in agreement)

Phoebe: Come on, Mom, I’ll take you home.

Rachel: I’ll go with you.

Monica: Me too. (they all leave)

Ross: Oh! Y'know, I’ve got an extra futon.

Joey: Dude, you don’t have to brag! We got nothing here!!

Closing Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler have trading the entertainment center for the canoe. Joey is sitting in the bow, staring off into space as to envision his future full of possibilities. Chandler is sitting at the stern, staring into space and is looking at an uncertain future.]
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is sitting in the canoe as Joey runs through the door carrying an outdoor patio table.]

Joey: Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there. (Goes back into the hall)

Chandler: Oh no-no-no, I’m, I’m paddling away!

Joey: (Returning carrying a couple of rusted lawn chairs) Huh?!

Chandler: Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!

Joey: Uh-huh. This and a bunch of bubble wrap. And, some of it is not even popped!

(They both sit down at the table and the chick and the duck enter from Joey’s bedroom.)

Chandler: Could we be more white trash?

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel are eating breakfast.]

Monica: (Entering from her bedroom) How desperate am I?

Rachel: Oh! Good thing Chandler’s not here, he always wins at this game.

Monica: I just told my Mom I’d cater a party for her.

Phoebe: How come?

Monica: Because I need the money, and I thought that it’d be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.

Ross: Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don’t think Mom would’ve hired you if she didn’t think you were good at what you do.

Monica: You don’t have to stick up for her. She can’t here you.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is reading the paper and Chandler is getting ready for work.]

Rachel: (entering) Hey! Umm, do you guys have any juice?

Joey: Just pickle.

Chandler: Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.

Rachel: My boss, Joanna? Wow, that must’ve been awkward.

Chandler: Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.

Rachel: (laughs) You ah, you didn’t say ‘Yes’ to that did you?

Chandler: (laughs) No. No!

Joanna: (Coming out of the shower wearing nothing but a towel) Hello, Rachel. (She goes into Chandler’s bedroom)

Chandler: Well, not at first.

Rachel: What is she doing here?

(Joey makes a sound like a creaking bed.)

Rachel: I don’t understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a ‘big, dull dud.’

Chandler: Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.

(Joey creaks louder)

Rachel: Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!

Chandler: Oh, come on! It’s not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I’m pretty much just in there by myself.

(Joey makes a sound imitating one person making a bed creak and Chandler turns and glares at him.)

Rachel: Chandler!! (He turns around quickly) Promise me, you will end it.

Chandler: Okay, I promise, I’ll end it.

Rachel: Thank you.

Chandler: I hope you know what I’m giving up for ya, because she’s not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.

Joey: Yeah-eh-eah! (Rachel glares at him) Oh-oh, sorry, I-I knew what he meant.

[Scene: The Geller household kitchen, Monica and Phoebe are cooking for Mrs. Geller’s party.]

Mrs. Geller: (entering) How’s the hired help?

Monica: Doing great, the quiches are coming along.

Mrs. Geller: What’s this? Blue nail polish?

Monica: Yeah, I thought it was cute.

Mrs. Geller: Ahh, that’s what your Grandmother’s hands looked like when we found her.

Monica: Let me ask you a question.

Mrs. Geller: Hmm.

Monica: Why did you hire me?

Mrs. Geller: Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren’t sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something. (Leaves)

Monica: (to Phoebe) Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I’m good.

Phoebe: Okay, I didn’t hear that.

Monica: Oh yeah, she didn’t hire me out of pity, it wasn’t so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I’m good.

Phoebe: Wow! And hey, it’s cool if you’re a lesbian! (Gives her a thumbs up)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is scrapping gum off the table as there is a knock on the door. He goes over and opens it.]

The Salesman: (Entering before Joey can say anything) Good afternoon, are you the decision maker of the house?

Joey: Uhhhh. (He’s not sure)

The Salesman: Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?

Joey: No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.

The Salesman: Actually, I’m not buying. I’m selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you’re not really sure what they’re talking about?

(We go into a flashback sequence with Joey remembering some of those times.)

[Cut to Monica and Rachel’s apartment, all are there.]

Ross: …I’m telling you it’s totally unconstituional.

Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and Rachel: Oh yeah, I totally agree.

(Joey just nods his head.)

[Cut to Central Perk, the entire gang is there.]

Monica: …I think he deserves a Nobel Prize. (Joey starts to nod ‘Yes.’)

All: Nooo!! (Joey quickly stops nodding his head.)

[Cut to Monica and Rachel’s, they’re all there playing cards.]

Chandler: …it was like the Algonquin kids table. (They all laugh, but Joey only laughs not to be left out.)

[Cut back to the present day.]

The Salesman: (Interrupting the flashback) Excuse me, I’m sorry, you haven’t said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?

Joey: Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.

[Scene: The Geller’s Kitchen, Monica and Phoebe are still cooking.]

Phoebe: That’s weird.

Monica: What?

Phoebe: Your nails.

Monica: Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn’t give me grief about me biting them.

Phoebe: Oh, no, I meant that it’s weird that you only have nine now.

Monica: (Looks at her nails) Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put… (realises) Oh my God! It’s in the quiche! Oh My God!

Phoebe: Okay, don’t panic. I’m gonna go to the store, I’m gonna get you another set of nails, no one’s gonna know, and you’re gonna look great. (She runs over to get her coat.) Oh! Oh, it’s ‘cause they’re gonna eat—that’s the problem.

Mrs. Geller: (entering) (to Monica) Honey, don’t bite your nails.

Monica: Okay ah, please don’t freak out. Umm, but ah, there’s a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there’s no way to know which one.

Phoebe: And! Whoever finds it wins the prize!

Mrs. Geller: (laughs) I’m not freaking out.

Monica: Then why are you laughing?

Mrs. Geller: It’s nothing, it’s just that now your Father owes me five dollars.

Monica: What? You bet I’d lose a nail?

Mrs. Geller: Oh no, don’t be silly. I just bet I’d need these. (Opens the freezer to reveal…)

Monica: Frozen lasagnas?

Mrs. Geller: Um-hmm.

Monica: You bet that I’d screw up?! So all that stuff about hiring me because I was good was…

Mrs. Geller: No-no-no, that was all true. This was just in case you pulled a Monica.

Monica: You promised Dr. Weinburg, you’d never use that phrase.

Mrs. Geller: Oh honey, come on, have a sense of humour, you’ve never been able to laugh at yourself.

Monica: (laughs) That’s right. My Mom doesn’t have any faith in me! Oh, that’s hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.

Phoebe: I don’t get it.

Mrs. Geller: No, I have faith…

Monica: (interrupting) No! You have lasagnas! (Storms out and an awkward silence follows.)

Oven: Ding!

Phoebe: Op, the ruined quiches are ready.

[Scene: Joanna’s office, Joanna and Chandler are making out on her chair. Chandler isn’t wearing any pants.]

Chandler: It just doesn’t…feel like we’re breaking up.

Joanna: No, we are. I’m sad.

Chandler: Okay.

(They start kissing again, but are interrupted by the phone.

Joanna: (answering the phone) Yes. (listens) Uh, can’t you wait until tomorrow? (listens) All right. (hangs up) Unbelievable!!

Chandler: Thanks.

Joanna: No, no, that was my boss. I have to go.

Chandler: Okay. (Starts to button up his shirt)

Joanna: What are you doing?

Chandler: I’m getting dressed.

Joanna: Why?

Chandler: When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.

Joanna: Wait. I wanna show you something.

Chandler: What is it?

Joanna: Just a little gag gift somebody gave me. (She’s holding a pair of handcuffs) Put your hands together.

Chandler: Ah-ha, you’re not the boss of me. (She kisses him) Yeah, you are! (She handcuffs him to the chair) Ooh, saucy.

Joanna: (kisses him) I’ll be back in ten minutes. (Starts to leave)

Chandler: You are, you’re gonna leave me like this?

Joanna: Knowing you’re here, waiting for me I think it’s kinda exciting.

Chandler: Okay. But if you don’t come back soon, (She leaves and closes the door) there’s pretty much nothing I can do about it!

[Cut to Joanna’s outer office, where Rachel and Sophie work. They are both coming back from lunch.]

Joanna: (locking her door) Oh.

Sophie: Hi! I brought you back a macaroon!

Joanna: Oh great! I’ll keep it in my butt with your nose. (She grabs the cookie and walks out.)

Rachel: That’s weird, she locked the door.

Sophie: Y’know why? She’s got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.

Rachel: Okay, swear you won’t tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna’s office. Do you wanna see the list?

Sophie: Yeah!

(Rachel unlocks and opens the door to reveal a half-naked Chandler handcuffed to the chair. They both gasp and Chandler stares at them in shock and surprise.)

Chandler: Hi! (to Sophie) How are you?

(Rachel and Sophie both back out and close the door without saying anything.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Joanna’s office, Chandler, still handcuffed to the chair, is looking through the lingerie catalogue by turning the pages with his teeth. The phone rings and Chandler answers it with his nose.]

Chandler: Hello, Joanna…(Realises he doesn’t know her last name)…’s office.

Joanna: (on speaker phone) I’m really sorry but I may be a little while longer.

Chandler: How little?!

Joanna: A couple of hours, I feel awful.

Chandler: Look, this isn’t funny! You get back here right now!

Joanna: I can’t!!

Chandler: Why not?!

Joanna: I’m in my boss’s car!

Chandler: What?!

Joanna: Uh-oh, tunnel. (The phone gets cut off)

(Chandler gets an idea)

[Cut to Rachel’s office as her intercom buzzes.]

Rachel: (answering it) (angrily) What?!

Chandler: (in a serious, businesslike tone) Rachel, could I see you for a moment?

(Rachel goes into talk to Chandler.)

Chandler: Okay, here’s the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.

Rachel: You promised you would break up with her!

Chandler: I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!

Rachel: And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!

Chandler: It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.

Rachel: Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.

Chandler: No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can’t get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I’m cold, and (Stops and looks up the skirt on a statue behind Joanna’s desk.)

Rachel: Oh, Chandler!! All right, this is it! (Grabs the key) You never see Joanna again!

Chandler: Never!

Rachel: You never come into this office again!

Chandler: Fine!

Rachel: You give me back my Walkman!

Chandler: I—never borrowed your Walkman.

Rachel: Well, then I lost it. You buy me one!

Chandler: You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! (Rachel goes over and unlocks the handcuffs) Ahhh! (He starts rubbing his wrist)

Rachel: Does it hurt?

Chandler: No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. (He runs over to where his pants are hanging) Hello sweet pants!

Rachel: Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?

Chandler: About what?

Rachel: When she sees that you’re gone, she’s gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I’m gonna get fired!

Chandler: I’ll make something up! I’m good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!

Rachel: No, there’s nothing to make up, she’s gonna know that I have a key to her office, I’ve got to get you locked up back the way you were! (She tries to drag him over to the chair, but Chandler stops her.)

Chandler: Oh-ho-ho, I don’t think so!

(He starts to put his pants on, but Rachel manages to drag him to the chair. When they get to the chair, Chandler drops his pants and knocks the chair away. Rachel then backs him up and locks him to the top drawer of a filing cabinet.)

Chandler: Well, this is much better.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, The salesman is trying to sell Joey the encyclopedias.]

The Salesman: So, here’s somebody interesting, Joey. What do you know about Van Gogh?

Joey: He cut off his ear.

The Salesman: And?

Joey: I’m out.

The Salesman: He painted that. (Points to one of his paintings in the book)

Joey: Wow! That’s pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear ‘cause he sucked. What else you got in there?

The Salesman: Let’s see, ahhh… Where does the Pope live?

Joey: In the woods. No wait-wait, that’s the joke answer.

The Salesman: Actually its, Vatican City. Now ahh, what do you know about vulcanised rubber?

Joey: Spock’s birth control.

The Salesman: (laughs) You need these books.

[Scene: Monica’s childhood bedroom (which has been turned into a gym), Monica is lying on the treadmill as Phoebe enters.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Monica: Hi.

Phoebe: This used to be your room? (She nods ‘Yes’) Wow! You must’ve been in really good shape as a kid.

Monica: Ohh, I’m such an idiot. I can’t believe I actually thought she could change.

Phoebe: Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.

Monica: Oh good, I’m glad that’s catching on.

Phoebe: No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we’ll call that pulling a Monica.

Monica: What?

Phoebe: Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A’s, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one’s outta here." Though some things don’t change.

Monica: (getting up) All right, I’ll go down there. But, I’m not gonna serve the lasagna. I’m gonna serve something I make.

(She exits and Phoebe goes over and sits down at the machine that works your shoulders and tries to do one, which she does, easily.)

Phoebe: Wow! My breasts are really strong. (She goes and joins Monica.)

[Scene: Joanna’s office, Rachel and Chandler are having a little tug-of-war with his pants.]

Rachel: Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she’s very private about her office. Now I know why.

Chandler: Hey, look, you’re in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she’s gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.

Rachel: What if I clean your bathroom for a month?

Chandler: It still wouldn’t be clean. (Rachel makes an ‘Eww, disgusting!’ face) All I want is my freedom.

Rachel: Foot rubs for a month!

Chandler: Freedom!

Rachel: I’ll take all of your photos and put them into photo albums!

Chandler: Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won’t you here me?! (Opens the door) Sophie, help me! Help me!! (Sophie stands up)

Rachel: Sophie sit!!

(She closes the door and puts his tie into his mouth as a gag.)

Rachel: No! God, would you just calm down!

(Chandler screams a little bit, then realises that he can spit out his gag. He does so with a ‘Pouff!’)

Chandler: I’m gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just… (He moves his arm which opens the drawer and hits in the back of the head, which proves his point.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is now reading the ‘V’ book, with the salesman watching.]

Joey: Wow! There’s a lot I didn’t know about vomit. (The duck comes to the door of the bathroom, quacking.) (To the duck) In a minute. (The duck goes back into the bathroom.)

The Salesman: So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!

Joey: Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I’m home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there’s a few things you don’t get from book learnin’.

The Salesman: Well ah, what can you swing?

Joey: How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?

The Salesman: You don’t have, anything?

Joey: You wanna see what I got? (He gets up to empty out his pockets) Okay? I’ve got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!

The Salesman: Okay, I-I get the picture. Uh, thanks, for your time. (Starts to leave)

Joey: And a 50. (The salesman stops suddenly) Huh, these must be Chandler’s pants.

The Salesman: For 50 bucks, you can get one book! What will it be? A? B? C?

Joey: Oh, I-I think I’m gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.

[Scene: Joanna’s office, Rachel and Chandler are still negotiating.]

Rachel: I ah, will buy and wrap all of your Christmas gifts.

Chandler: No!

Rachel: I ah… Oh! I’ll squeeze you fresh orange juice every morning!

Chandler: With extra pulp?

Rachel: (happily) Yeah!!

Chandler: No!

Rachel: D’oh!! (pause) I’ve got it!

Chandler: You don’t have it.

Rachel: I have so got it. There’s gonna be rumours about this, there’s no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.

Chandler: How do Monica and Phoebe know?

Rachel: Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous (Holds her hands far apart) or very (In a high pitched voice) stingy.

Chandler: (intrigued) Go on.

Rachel: I can make you a legend. I can make you this generation’s Milton Berle.

Chandler: And Milton Berle has a…

Rachel: Ohh, not compared to you. (Chandler nods in agreement)

[Scene: The Geller’s kitchen, Phoebe is bringing in some dirty dishes.]

Monica: Well?

Phoebe: They’re not even touching the lasagna!

Monica: Really?!

Phoebe: Oh, they love your casserole.

Monica: Yes!!

Phoebe: It’s hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients.

Mrs. Geller: (entering) Well, everyone seems to be enjoying your dish.

Monica: And you?

Mrs. Geller: I thought it was… quite tasty.

Monica: So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you…

Mrs. Geller: (interrupting) A bitch?

Monica: Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word.

Mrs. Geller: Yes, well I was wrong, and I have to say you really impressed me today.

Monica: Wow!

Phoebe: Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. (They both look at her) (to Monica) She doesn’t know we switched it. (Monica nods her head ‘No.’)

Mrs. Geller: And the next time you cater for me, there will be nothing but ice in the freezer. (She starts to bite her nails)

Monica: That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don’t bite your nails.

[Scene: Central Perk, all except Chandler, are there.]

Chandler: (hello) Hello.

Joey, Rachel, and Ross: Hey!

Monica: (in a sexy voice) Hello, Chandler. (Phoebe has a huge smile on her face.)

Chandler: (to Rachel) I love you. (Kisses her on the forehead)

Joey: Wh-what’s going on?

Phoebe: Oh.

(She motions for them to come closer, they lean in and she whispers what Rachel told her. The guys both lean back laughing.]

Joey: No he doesn’t!

Chandler: (checks his watch) Two hours, that lasted!

Rachel: So did you break up with Joanna?

Chandler: I think so.

Joey: Well, it’s good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.

Ross: The volcano?

Joey: Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.

Rachel: What?!

Joey: Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.

Monica: Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?

Joey: Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?

Monica: Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War? (Joey is pissed)

All: Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Phoebe: Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.

Ross: With such a sad history.

Chandler: Could there be more Kims?

(They all laugh and Joey joins them, not to be left out. When the laughing dies down, he has a depressed look on his face.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Rachel’s office, Rachel is coming in for the day.]

Joanna: (from her office) Who’s out there?

Rachel: It’s me! Good morning!

Joanna: Rachel, could you come in here for a moment, please?

Rachel: Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn’t have poppy seed bagels, so I… (Enters Joanna’s office and sees her handcuffed to her chair wearing nothing but a slip) Oh my word!

Joanna: I seem to have had a slight office mishap. Could you please get the key off the back of the door for me.

Rachel: Oh, yeah! Yeah!

(She goes back and forth, not sure what to do first, put the bagel down or grab the key. She finally puts the bagel down and grabs the key and goes over to unlock Joanna.)

Joanna: You tell your friend Chandler that we’re definately broken up this time.

Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Hey! New wallet, huh?

Chandler: Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn’t say ‘cool’ anymore.

Monica: Rachel!

Rachel: What?

Monica: You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!

Rachel: Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.

Monica: Have you ever taken out the trash? (Hands her the garbage.)

Rachel: Well, I thought you liked doing it. (Rachel starts out the door and stops.)

Monica: Third door on the left.

Rachel: Right!

[Scene: Garbage room: Mr. Treeger is unclogging the trash chute as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger.

Mr. Treeger:: Hey.

(Rachel opens the trash chute, winces at the smell, and throws the garbage bag in. She then tries to throw the pizza box in, but since it’s so big she jams it into the opening and it prevents the door from closing. She then turns around too see Mr. Treeger watching her.)

Mr. Treeger:: What are you doing?

Rachel: Ummm. Oh! I’m sorry. (She grabs the box and offers him a piece.) It’s a little old but…

Mr. Treeger:: No! You’re clogging up the chute that I spent a half-hour unclogging!

Rachel: I’m sorry. I didn’t—I don’t come in here a lot.

Mr. Treeger:: Oh yeah, of course you don’t!

Rachel: No.

Mr. Treeger:: ‘Cause you’re a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me…"

Rachel: I didn’t… I never said that.

Mr. Treeger:: You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don’t think of someone else for a change?

Rachel: (starting to cry) Okay, I’m sorry. (Runs out still carrying the pizza box.)

[Cut to Monica and Rachel’s apartment as Rachel returns in tears.]

Monica: God! If you’re gonna cry about it! (She grabs the box and goes to through it out.]

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Continued from earlier, Rachel is now telling everyone of her experience in the garbage room.]

Joey: Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?

Rachel: Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.

Joey: I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.

Monica: Joey, please don’t do that. I think it’s best that we just forget about it.

Rachel: That’s easy for you to say, you weren’t almost just killed.

Joey: All right that’s it, school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)

Monica: (Picking up a card from Chandler’s wallet.) My God! Is this a gym card?

Chandler: Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I’ve missed the last 1200 times.

Ross: So why don’t you quit?

Chandler: You don’t think I’ve tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.

Ross: Who is Maria?

Chandler: Oh Maria. You can’t say no to her, she’s like this lycra spandex covered gym…treat.

Ross: You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?

Chandler: No!

Ross: So you’re strong enough to face her on your own?

Chandler: Oh no, you’ll have to come.

[Scene: Treeger’s apartment, Joey knocks on the door and Treeger opens it.]

Mr. Treeger:: Tribbiani! Hold on, I’ll get the plunger.

Joey: Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.

Mr. Treeger:: And tell him what?

Joey: Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!

Joey: I have actually not heard of that.

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I’ve been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don’t need this grief. I’m gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother’s apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.

Joey: Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out, and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, everyone is still eating breakfast.]

Phoebe: Oh please, somebody tell me I don’t have to go to work today!

Monica: What’s the matter?

Phoebe: Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I’m not allowed to charge for.

Monica: So do them for free.

Phoebe: Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it’s against my oath as a masseuse.

Ross: They make you take an oath?

Phoebe: No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one’s actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.

Chandler: Why don’t you just give him to somebody else?

Phoebe: No, I can handle it. No, I’m a professional. (She starts to leave)

Rachel: Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?

Monica: Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.

Chandler: Because that’s the only part of you he can see when he’s on the table!

Monica: You’re gonna do some feet flirtin’!

Phoebe: I don’t what your talking about. (Laughs nervously and continues to leaqve)

Ross: Then how do you explain the toe ring?!

Phoebe: Because it’s Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!

[Cut to later, Joey is returning from talking to Mr. Treeger.]

Rachel: Oh! My hero! What happened?

Joey: Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)

Monica: What a minute, what did he say?

Joey: He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.

Rachel: What?! You got us evicted!!

Monica: I told you not to go down there!

Joey: Well he made Rachel cry!

Monica: Rachel always cries!

Rachel: That’s not true! (Starts to cry.)

Monica: Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you’ve never sucked before!

Joey: All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.

Rachel: Go!!

Joey: All right, all right, all right. (Starts to leave, stops, and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first, but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)

[Scene: Chandler’s gym, He and Ross are there to cancel his membership.]

Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.

Chandler: Yes. (In a stronger voice) Yes!

Ross: One more time, "Hey, don’t you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"

Chandler: No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!

Ross: Good! That’s good!

Chandler: Okay. (They go inside) (To the guy at the desk) I wanna quit the gym.

Gym Employee: You wanna quit?

Chandler: I wanna quit the gym.

Gym Employee: You do realize that you won’t have access to our new full service Swedish spa.

Chandler: (He turns to Ross and Ross makes a ‘Be strong’ sound.) I wanna quit the gym.

Gym Employee: Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. (Both Chandler and Ross start to make their way to the membership office.) Uh, excuse me, (to Ross) are you a member?

Ross: Me? No.

Gym Employee: Sorry, members only.

Chandler: (horrified at the prospect of trying to quit alone and unsure about himself) I wanna quit the gym.

Ross: It’s okay man, be strong. (Chandler goes into the office.)

Gym Employee: (to Ross) So, are you a member of any gym.

Ross: No! And I’m not gonna be, so you can save you little speech.

Gym Employee: Okay, no problem. (To someone out of the picture) Could you come here for a second?

(This gorgeous woman in spandex walks up)

Woman: Hi, I’m Maria.

(Ross is at a loss for words.)

[Scene: Heeling Hands Inc., Phoebe’s work, she is giving a massage to the guy, Rick, she likes.]

Rick: (looking at her feet) Wow, you have really pretty feet.

Phoebe: These old things.

Rick: Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it’s been killing me today.

Phoebe: You mean the—Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.

Rick: Yeah.

Phoebe: Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y’know, real (lifts up the towel) nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.

Rick: Oh, a 16-hour sit-in for Greenpeace.

Phoebe: Oh. (She goes to work, and her head slowly drops out of view.)

Rick: Ow! Did you just bite me?

Phoebe: No!

[Scene: Mr. Treeger’s apartment, Joey is there to suck up.]

Mr. Treeger:: What?

Joey: Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn’t there fault, it was mine.

Mr. Treeger:: You want me to kick you guys out instead?

Joey: No you can’t do that, where would the chick and the duck live?

Mr. Treeger:: You have pets!

Joey: Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.

Mr. Treeger:: Huh, I would’ve thought it was the other way around.

Joey: Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I’ll do whatever you want.

Mr. Treeger:: Really? You’ll do anything?

Joey: Yeah-yeah, absolutely.

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, I’ve got something you can do.

Joey: What, what is it?

Mr. Treeger:: Can you be my dancing partner?

Joey: That’s not, prison lingo, is it?

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is telling Monica and Rachel what he has to do.]

Monica: His dancing partner?!

Joey: Yeah, there’s this superintendent’s dance, the Super Ball. I don’t know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he’s a crush on.

Rachel: Well, why doesn’t he practice with a girl?

Joey: Well, he’s too shy, he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.

Rachel: Yeah, right, he almost danced me right down that…garbage chute. (Starts to cry)

Monica: Oh, would you let it go already?! You’re fine!

(Chandler and Ross enter)

Chandler: Hey.

Rachel: Hey! So, did you quit?

Chandler: No, I almost did, couldn’t leave Ross there without a spotter!

Monica: Wait, now so you joined the gym?

(Rachel starts to laugh.)

Ross: And that’s funny, why?

Rachel: Oh, umm, I was just y’know working out and umm… Oh, that’s it.

Chandler: We’re doomed. Okay, they’re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?

Monica: Well, you could actually go to the gym.

(Chandler and Ross both laugh)

Ross: Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.

Chandler: You’re a genius!

Joey: Aww, man, now we won’t be bank buddies!

Chandler: Now, there’s two reasons.

Phoebe: (entering) Hey.

All: Hey!

Phoebe: Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.

Rachel: Where?!

Phoebe: On the touchy.

Ross: And that’s not against your oath?!

Phoebe: No, I know! I-I’m sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.

Monica: Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.

Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!

Chandler: Thank you, Joey.

Joey: No-no, thank you.

[Scene: Treeger’s apartment, Joey knocks and Mr. Treeger opens the door.]

Joey: All right, I’m here, let’s ahh, get this over with.

Mr. Treeger:: Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead. (Turns on some music)

Joey: Whoa-whoa, don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?

Mr. Treeger:: Look come on, eh, just ah, just ah, put your arms around me, eh.

(Joey does so, and they both start dancing. Treeger tries to spin Joey, but ends up throwing him into the door.)

Mr. Treeger:: Ahhhh! I’m sorry!

Joey: No, it’s okay, but if I’m Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.

Mr. Treeger:: Ahh, forget it! I’ll never be any good at this, my mom was right, I’m just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.

Joey: Come on man, you’re not a potato.

Mr. Treeger:: I’m sure as hell a dancer, it’s no use Marge will never go for me.

Joey: Come on Treeger, don’t say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let’s ahh, let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y’know, I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Monica are sitting at the table as Joey enters.]

Monica: Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?

Joey: Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)

Rachel: (laughing) What was that?

Joey: What?

Rachel: You just did a little dancy thing.

Joey: No I didn’t.

Monica: Yes you did! You did like a little hop.

Rachel: You are soo enjoying this.

Joey: No, I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie.

Monica: (laughing harder) You know the words! You are so into this!

Joey: All right, well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.

Rachel: Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.

Joey: Hey-hey, hold on, this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right, it’s like a sport, it’s manly!

Monica: All right, then show me some manly moves.

Joey: All right.

(They both get up and Monica expects Joey to take the lead, but he doesn’t, and they fumble around for a little bit.)

Joey: I don’t know how to lead.

[Scene: Ross and Chandler’s bank, they are there to close their accounts.]

Ross: Hello.

Chandler: Hi.

Ross: We’d like to close our accounts.

Bank Officer: Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?

Ross: No-no.

Chandler: No, we’d just like to close them.

Bank Officer: Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. (to a beautiful woman) Would you come over here please?

Ms. Lambert: Hi, I’m Karen.

Chandler: I wanna quit the bank!

[Scene: Healing Hands, Inc., Phoebe is giving Rick a massage.]

Phoebe: (thinking to herself) Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little… Oh no—wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick’s pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that’s working.

(The camera zooms in on the clock on the wall and it reads a quarter after one. Time lapse. The clock now reads 3:30, and Phoebe is still giving Rick his massage.)

Phoebe: (thinking to herself) Chandler’s knees. Chandler’s… ankles. Chandler’s ankle hair. (notices the clock) Oh no. (to Rick) Okay, you’re all set.

Rick: Oh wow! That was amazing, was that really just an hour?!

Phoebe: Yeah! In… really long hour world.

Rick: What?

Phoebe: Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you’re a client, I can’t ask you out, even though you give me y’know, the feeling.

Rick: Wow! I had no idea! But you know, I could always find another masseuse.

Phoebe: Really?!

Rick: Yeah, really.

(They start to kiss, then Rick stops suddenly.)

Phoebe: What?

Rick: Suddenly, I very aware that I’m naked.

Phoebe: (laughs) Okay, quit down. (they start to kiss again)

(Suddenly, Phoebe’s boss, Mrs. Potter, and a client, Mr. Simon, enters.)

Mrs. Potter: Mr. Simon’s been waiting for—(sees Phoebe and Rick) Oh my God!

Mr. Simon: Why wasn’t I offered that? I’d definitely pay more for that.

Mrs. Potter: Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn’t that kind of place.

Phoebe: Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn’t what it looks like, ‘cause Rick is my ahh, husband.

Mrs. Potter: Oh really? Well, then you’d better tell his other wife, ‘cause she called three times asking where he is.

Phoebe: Yes, I will tell her.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Ross are telling Joey, Rachel, and Monica of their bank woes.]

Monica: So you didn’t leave the bank?

Ross: No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.

Rachel: What are you ever gonna use that for?!

Chandler: To pay for the gym.

(Phoebe enters)

Chandler: Hey.

Phoebe: Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.

Joey: What?!

Rachel: You got fired?!

Monica: Oh my Gosh!

Phoebe: It’s so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!

Rachel: Sweety...

Phoebe: I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y’know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It’s been a really bad day, whore wise.

(There’s a knock on the door and Chandler answers it.)

Mr. Treeger:: Hey Duck, is Chick here?

Chandler: Yeah… Bunny-rabbit.

Joey: (To Mr. Treeger) So you ah, ready for our last practice?

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, but y’know, I think the reason we’re not getting that spin right is because my apartment’s too small.

Joey: Look, you wanna use our place?

Mr. Treeger:: No, I ahh, had another idea.

[Cut to the roof, where Joey and Mr. Treeger are dancing happily to ^Night and Day^.]

Joey: We did it!!

Mr. Treeger:: I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!

Joey: I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.

Mr. Treeger:: Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, (checks watch). Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.

Joey: Oh well, okay, good luck.

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah.

Joey: Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?

Mr. Treeger:: Ahh, thanks but no. You see I-I think I’m ready to dance with girls.

Joey: Okay.

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah.

Joey: Go get ‘em Treeger.

Mr. Treeger:: Right. (Starts to leave) Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a girlfriend.

Joey: (intrigued) Really?

Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she’s the same size as me.

Joey: No, I’m good.

(Treeger leaves, and Joey’s dances off.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Lara and Jeni’s Massage, Phoebe is interviewing for a job.]

Interviewer: So it looks like you’ve got some great experience here. Let’s see ahh, reason for leaving last job?

Phoebe: Yeah, they thought I was a whore.

Interviewer: Okay, we’ll give a call if anything comes up.

Phoebe: Great! Thank you very much.

(The interviewer watches her leave with an ‘Oh my goodness’ face.)
Ross: (picking up the slip of paper) Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. (Rachel ignores him) Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. (He holds it so that Rachel can see it, she continues to ignore him) It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but...(Rachel still ignores him) Whoa! (Throws it in her lap) Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. (He waves it in front of Rachel's face. Then suddenly Phoebe has to sneeze and Rachel quickly grabs the slip of paper and gives it to Phoebe for her to sneeze into.)

Phoebe: Thank you.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, the next morning. Chandler, Monica, Ross, and Rachel are there.]

Gunther: Rachel?

Rachel: Yeah?

Gunther: When's your birthday?

Rachel: May fifth, why?

Gunther: Oh, I-I'm just making a list of people's birthdays.

Ross: Oh, mine's December...

Gunther: Yeah, whatever. (Walks away)

(Chandler is talking to Monica and notices a beautiful woman.)

Chandler: Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.

Monica: Just go up to her and ask her out. (Chandler laughs) Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?

Chandler: I could die.

Ross: Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.

Rachel: Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.

(Ross glares at Chandler.)

Chandler: I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.

Phoebe: (entering) Oh.

Chandler: Hey! (Phoebe sneezes)

Monica: Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.

Phoebe: (in a nasally voice, from her cold) But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. (She puts her shoe on the table, and it's horribly decorated) Pretty, huh? (Sneezes)

Chandler: All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?

Monica: Just be yourself. But, not too much.

Chandler: (gets up) (softly) Wish me luck.

Ross: (loudly) Good luck!

Chandler: Wish it! (To the woman, Kathy, he likes) Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?

Kathy: No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.

Chandler: Uh Kathy, with K or a C?

Kathy: With a K.

Chandler: Oh-oh-hey!

Kathy: Wow! You are really good at this.

Chandler: Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.

Kathy: I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. (Joey enters) Oh, and there he is now.

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. (Joey kisses Kathy.)

Joey: Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?

Chandler: Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.

Joey: Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.

Phoebe: Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. (Starts to sing) Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? (Stops singing) This chick sounds good. (Singing) Smelly cat, smelly--(stops singing) Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is walking into the living room having just gotten up in the middle of the night.]

Chandler: (sees Kathy is up watching TV) Hi!

Kathy: Hi.

Chandler: Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.

Kathy: I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch.

Chandler: Oh my God! That's why I got up too!

Kathy: You're kidding! Oh, I love him.

Chandler: Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...

Kathy: Oh please!

Chandler: So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.

Kathy: Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.

Chandler: That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.

Kathy: (laughs) Oh-oh-oh-oh!

Chandler: Is it on?

Kathy: No, but this wonder broom is amazing!

Chandler: Hey! (Runs over and gets his wonder broom)

Kathy: Oh my God!

Chandler: Oh! It's on! It's on!

(Chandler jumps into the canoe and sits down. The chick starts chirping and Chandler reaches down to pick him up.)

Chandler: There we go little fella.

Kathy: (laughs) What about the duck?

Chandler: Well the duck can swim.

Kathy: Oh, jeez. (Hits him)

[Scene: Central Perk, the next night, Phoebe is finishing up her set.]

Phoebe: (singing, drunk) My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.

All: Way to go, Phoebe!

Monica: That cold makes you sound so great.

Phoebe: It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. (Coughs really loudly.)

Joey: Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.

All: Ooh, that's great, I love those little guys.

Kathy: No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical researcher.

Rachel: Well, have fun!

Kathy: Okay.

Phoebe: Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.

Monica: Y'know what, I like Kathy.

Chandler: Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.

Rachel: Yeah, she's...

Chandler: She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?

Rachel: You love her.

Chandler: No, I don't.

Phoebe: Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.

Ross: Come on, Pheebs lay off him.

Chandler: Thank you, Ross.

Ross: Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.

Chandler: All right.

All: Ohh!

Chandler: All right.

Monica: (turning around and doing that, "I'm making out with someone," thing with her hands) Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! (She turns around and sees Gunther staring at her and stops suddenly.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are there.]

Phoebe: So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.

Monica: Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?

Phoebe: Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey.

Ross: (loudly) So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!

Monica: Rachel's not here.

Ross: Oh.

Monica: How's it going with her?

Ross: Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.

Rachel: (entering, with a guy) Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.

Monica: Hi, Josh.

Phoebe: Hi.

Josh: Dudes.

Monica: So, did you play in college? (She points to his NYU Soccer (football for the rest of the world) sweatshirt he's wearing.)

Josh: Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.

Rachel: Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.

Josh: Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.

Rachel: Okay. (He starts to leave, and Rachel grabs him and gives him a passionate kiss.) I'll miss you.

Josh: Dope! (exits)

Phoebe: Wow, cute one!

Monica: Very!

Rachel: I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.

Ross: Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.

Rachel: Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?

Ross: Oh! (He bangs his fists together.)

Rachel: What was that?

Ross: Monica knows.

Monica: It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.

Ross: Well, I'm gonna go get ready, (Gives Monica the fist thing.) for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.

Phoebe: Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, (clears her voice and in her normal voice) you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, (tries to sing) My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!

[Scene: Amanda's apartment, Ross is arriving with Ben.]

Amanda: (opening the door) Hi!

Ross: Hi!

Amanda: Hi Ben!

Ross: Wow! You-you look great!

Amanda: Thanks!

Ross: (she lets him in) Okay! (to her son) Hey Tommy.

Amanda: I am so glad that you could come over tonight.

Ross: Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.

Amanda: Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.

Ross: What?

Amanda: I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.

Ross: I-I-I...

Amanda: (noticing the bottle of wine he has) Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime. (She leaves)

Ross: Who wants to make some long distance calls?

[Scene: A street, Chandler is buying a newspaper and notices Kathy running by.]

Chandler: Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! (She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to The Mod Squad starts to play. First, a car almost hits him and then gets mustard splashed on him as he runs by a hot dog vendor.) Kathy! (He keeps running and gets tangled up in the leashes of five dogs, in desperation he throws his paper.) Fetch! Fetch it! (He frees himself and resumes the chase) Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! (He now trips and falls into a pile of garbage, he tries to get up and scream her name again but he has a piece of spinach in his mouth. He gets out of the garbage and starts crossing the street by running over the hoods of a couple of cabs.) Kathy! (He jumps in front of her and out of breath he says) Kathy.

Kathy: Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here?

Chandler: Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"

Kathy: Hey!

Chandler: Okay. (He walks away disgusted with himself.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is telling Monica about his new baby sitting job.]

Monica: Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.

Ross: Her date tipped me ten dollars. (Monica laughs)

(Phoebe runs into the kitchen with wet hair, opens the window, and sticks her head outside.)

Ross: Pheebs, what are you doing?

Phoebe: Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.

Monica: Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.

Chandler: (entering) Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.

Phoebe: What?!

Ross: Are you serious?

Phoebe: Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!

Chandler: I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. (he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one) No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!

Monica: (sneezes) Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.

Phoebe: You mean you stole it! (Monica sneezes again) Don't cover your mouth when you do that!

(Joey and Kathy enter, laughing)

Joey: Hey.

Kathy: (to Chandler) We were just talking about you.

Chandler: Really?!

Joey: Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.

Chandler: (laughs) Right in there!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is playing Hide-and-Go-Seek with the chick and the duck.]

Chandler: 99...100! Ready or not, here I come! (He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him) All right, let's go over the concept one more time.

Joey: (entering) Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey guys. (to Chandler) Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?

Chandler: Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.

Joey: It's 4:30.

Chandler: Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.

Joey: Okay, I see what's going on here.

Chandler: You-you do?

Joey: Yeah! You don't like Kathy.

Chandler: You got me.

Joey: Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?

Chandler: Yeah. Right.

Joey: Good, and hey! My treat. (He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.) But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?

Chandler: Okay.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is returning from a date with Josh, and when they get the door open, Rachel turns and passionately kisses Josh.]

Monica: (lying on the couch suffering from her cold) Ross isn't here.

Rachel: Oh. (She tries to walk away from Josh, by he keeps holding her) Stop it!

Josh: So I'll see you at the party? Beer's beer man, 24, 7!!

Rachel: Yeah! (Monica gives a sarcastic thumbs up) (Josh leaves) I am soo gonna marry that guy. (looking in her wallet) Ohhh!

Monica: What?

Rachel: I think he's stealing from me.

Monica: Why?

Rachel: Because he's stealing from me!

Phoebe: (entering) Hi! It's me. And soup. (to Rachel) Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.

Rachel: Ughh! (Storms out after him)

Phoebe: (to Monica) Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.

Monica: Thank you so much Phoebe.

Phoebe: (picking up Monica's used Kleenex and putting some in her pocket.) Sure.

Monica: What are you doing with those?!

Phoebe: But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.

Monica: Sorry, Phoebe.

Phoebe: It's okay. How's the soup?

Monica: Umm. (nodding her head, "Good.")

(Monica sets the soup down and Phoebe picks it up and licks the rim.)

Monica: Ohhhh!! Gross!!

[Scene: A nightclub, Chandler is having dinner with Kathy and Joey.]

Kathy: Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's underwear!

Joey: Is she great or what?

Kathy: (to Chandler) So? Huh? What do you think?

Chandler: Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.

Kathy: Not your type?! She's gorgeous!

Chandler: Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.

Kathy: Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!

Chandler: Uhh, no-no thanks.

Kathy: Okay, I've got some ugly friends, and they're all available too.

Chandler: Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer. (Leaves)

Joey: (to Kathy) I'll be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?

Chandler: What?

Joey: Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.

Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want from me?

Joey: I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.

Chandler: I am pretending.

Joey: Well then, do it better!

Chandler: Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!

Joey: Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there.]

Ross: (entering) Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. (to Monica) So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?

Monica: No, sorry.

Rachel: Well where's Amanda?

Monica: Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?

Rachel: I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.

Monica: Ross, cough drops, please?

Ross: At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.

Rachel: Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.

Ross: You see Amanda and I have a very special...

Monica: (interrupting) You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!

Rachel: (laughing) Ohh, that is soo sad.

Monica: And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'

(Ross starts laughing)

Rachel: Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it! (Shows her, her ring)

Monica: That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!

Ross: Fine.

Rachel: Sorry.

Ross: Here. (Hands her, her cough drops) (to Rachel) At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.

Rachel: Y'know...

(She does Ross's little gesture. In response Ross puts his hands behind his neck with his arms sticking straight out and starts flapping them together.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there with her guitar.]

Phoebe: (singing) Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. (to Gunther) Does it even work without my sexy voice?

Gunther: I like it. (sneezes)

Phoebe: Gunther, kiss me.

Gunther: What?

(Phoebe grabs Gunther and kisses him. He then falls to the couch in shock.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching TV as Joey and Kathy are laughing in Joey's bedroom. They get to be pretty loud so Chandler turns the TV way up.]

Joey: (opening the door wearing nothing but a sock, and holding a dart board over the `Little General.') Hey! (Chandler turns down the TV) Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, with a blanket draped over her shoulders, opens the door to a similarly clad Chandler.]

Chandler: Can I sleep on your couch?

(Monica nods `Yes.' And they both walk to the couch looking all depressed.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing, with everyone else present.]

Phoebe: (singing) And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies.

(applause)

Gunther: Rachel?

Rachel: Yeah.

Gunther: I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_

Rachel: No!

Gunther: Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty.

Rachel: (confused) Okay.

Gunther: So umm, are we cool?

Rachel: (really confused) Okay.

Gunther: I knew you'd understand.

(Gunther walks away, leaving Rachel with a `What just happened?' look on her face.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and a beautiful blonde (Cheryl) are standing outside. The rest of the gang is watching from inside.]

Cheryl: So, thank you for the delicious dinner.

Ross: You're welcome for a delicious dinner.

[inside]

Phoebe: Hey what are you guys looking at?

Chandler: Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.

Phoebe: Yeah, come to papa.

[Cheryl walks away and Ross walks inside. Everyone stares at him in disbelief.]

Ross: I know!

Monica: Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?

Chandler: Where did you, when did you, how did you... (Joey hits the back of Chandler's head) How did you get a girl like that?

Rachel: Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?

Ross: Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.

Chandler: Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.

Ross: I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.

Rachel: Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.

Ross: Fine by me; hope she wins.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's. Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are there. Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper?

Phoebe: Oo! Is it for my birthday present?

Chandler: Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.

Phoebe: Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?

Chandler: Well, I have a call in about that.

Phoebe: 'Kay.

Chandler: Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.

Rachel: Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!

Chandler: Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.

Rachel: Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?

Chandler: Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.

Rachel: Oh, honey, that's so sweet.

Phoebe: Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"

Chandler: It doesn't say that. Does it?

Ross: How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?

Chandler: Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.

Phoebe: It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!

Monica: (Entering from her bedroom, talking on the phone) Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. (To the gang) I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.

Rachel: Oh my God! What happened?

Monica: Sixty guests.

Ross: So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?

Monica: Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.

Phoebe: Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... (Monica looks almost puzzled) ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?

Monica: I don't know.

Phoebe: There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!

Monica: Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.

Phoebe: Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.

Monica: Well, you're not working either.

Phoebe: Yes, but I'm doing this.

Monica: Yeah, that'd be great! Thank you!

[Joey enters]

Joey: Hey!

Everyone: Hey.

Kathy: Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?

Joey: Why?

[Kathy whispers something in Joey's ear]

Joey: You can pee here!

Kathy: Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.

Chandler: It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. (Kathy goes into the bathroom.) Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?

Joey: We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?

Everyone: Yeah!

Rachel: Yes, you have to get her something, and it should be something really nice.

Joey: Oh, I know...

Rachel: And not one of your coupons for an hour of "Joey Love."

[cut to a new scene, also in Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is sitting, Phoebe is nearby.]

Phoebe: Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?

Rachel: No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.

Phoebe: Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language.

[Monica enters]

Monica: Hey!

Rachel: Hey, how'd it go?

Monica: Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow—the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!

Phoebe: Mon! I'm so happy for you!

Monica: Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. (Picks up two frying pans) Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!

Phoebe: I'll have one, please. Plus my money.

Monica: Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look—I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.

Phoebe: Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.

Monica: Okay.

[Scene: Outside Cheryl's apartment, Ross and Cheryl are kissing]

Ross: (moved by the kiss) Huh...

Cheryl: Um, would you like to come in?

Ross: Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?

Cheryl: According to recent findings!

[They go into the apartment. Inside the apartment it looks like a sewage dump exploded and landed in her living room. There are clothes and food and junk covering every square inch of space. I mean pigs have nicer pens. Ross is completely shocked.]

Cheryl: (throwing food around the room) Here Mitzi! Here Mitzi!

Ross: Mitzi is.....

Cheryl: My hamster. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.

Ross: (mouths "where?") Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh (steps on some garbage and falters) ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?

Cheryl: What?

Ross: Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...

Cheryl: I'd rather not.

Ross: Oh, yeah, why not?

Cheryl: Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.

[Scene: A kitchen where Phoebe and Monica are finishing up a catering job]

Monica: Oh, is everything in the car?

Phoebe: Yes. Did you settle the bill?

Monica: No. I hate this part.

Phoebe: Oh, look what we almost left. (Picks up a coffee maker)

Monica: No, that's not mine.

Phoebe: Oh, all right. Oh! Look what we almost took!

[cut to the living room of the same dwelling, where the funeral guests are mingling. Monica enters.]

Monica: Excuse me, Mrs. Burkart? Well, we're all cleaned up in the kitchen.

Mrs. Burkart: Oh, good. Thank you.

Monica: Um, and, well there's the.. the the small matter of...

Mrs. Burkart: Dear?

Monica: Just the matter of ...payment?

Mrs. Burkart: (in grief) Jack used to handle the finances! (Breaks into tears)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is on the couch still doing the crossword. Chandler is in the kitchen.]

Rachel: You know what we should all do? Go see a musical.

Chandler: (confused) Sure...

Rachel: And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?

Chandler: I don't know... um, Grease?

Rachel: No....

Chandler: Rent?

Rachel: Yes! Rent!

Chandler: Okay, so when do you want to go?

Rachel: What? Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm busy.

Joey: (entering the apartment) Hey. Man, it is so hard to shop for girls.

Chandler: Yes, it is, at Office Max.

Rachel: What did you get her? (Joey opens up a rectangular black box and holds up a pen.)

Chandler: A pen.

Joey: It's two gifts in one. It's a pen that's also a clock! Huh?

Chandler: Huh-huh! You can't give her that.

Joey: Why not?

Chandler: Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!

Rachel: Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?

Joey: Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"

Chandler: All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?

Joey: She didn't have a birthday while we were going out.

Chandler: For three years?

Joey: (whining and heading toward the door) Look, it's too late, and I got an audition. I can't shop anymore! I...

Chandler: All right. I will go out and I will try to find something for her, okay?

Joey: Thanks, man. And oh, while you're at it, could you get her a card?

Chandler: Would you like me to write her a little poem as well?

Joey: Or... just get a card that has a poem already in it.

[Scene: Back in the kitchen at the funeral. Phoebe is there, Monica enters.]

Phoebe: But Mon, you have to get our money!

Monica: Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.

Phoebe: I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?

Monica: What?

Phoebe: Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"

Monica: Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?

Phoebe: Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.

Monica: Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.

[cut to the living room where Mrs. Burkart is now performing.]

Mrs. Burkart: (singing) You're a grand ol' flag, you're a high-flying flag, and forever in peace may you wave....

Phoebe: She seems fine now.

Mrs. Burkart: (singing) ...emblem of the land I love. The home of....

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Joey are standing and talking, Ross is tying a tie.]

Joey: So, you just left? Her place was really that bad?

Ross: You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?

Joey: Yeah.

Ross: Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has survived! (Ross takes the loosely tied tie off and hands it to Joey who puts it on.) Here.

Joey: Wow. Thanks. So, uh, what happened?

Ross: What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there.

Joey: All right, so... next time, you take her to your place.

Ross: No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.

Joey: What kind of smell?

Ross: I don't know. Soap?

Joey: All right, listen, Ross... you like this girl, right?

Ross: Yeah.

Joey: You wanna see her again, right?

Ross: Yeah.

Joey: So you're gonna have to do it in the mess!

Ross: Yeah, okay you're right.

Joey: Yeah.

Ross: I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little sloppiness?

Joey: Yeah!

Ross: It's, uh... it's endearing, really.

Joey: All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig! (Ross hesitates, looks unsure) Oink!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel, Rachel is there, Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.

Rachel: Any luck?

Chandler: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." (Motions to an imaginary pile of presents next to him.) Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?

Rachel: All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.

Chandler: She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.

Rachel: Aw, honey, that's so sweet.

Chandler: Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic?

Rachel: Oh! Pathetic! (Grabs the crossword puzzle and starts writing.)

Joey: (entering) Hey! I'm meeting Kathy in ten minutes! I've been looking all over for you!

Chandler: Where?

Joey: Our place, the hall! I...

Chandler: I got something for her. (Joey picks up the package, shakes it next to his ear, can't hear anything, switches ears, shakes it again.) It's a book!

Joey: (Unimpressed) A book? (Suddenly interested) Is it like a book that's also a safe?

Chandler: No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?

Joey: You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. (Joey leaves, comes back in.) Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?

Chandler: No, it came out to an even twenty.

Joey: Wow. That's almost as much as a new book.

[Scene: In the living room at the funeral]

Mrs. Burkart: (singing) Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?

[cut to Monica and Phoebe in the kitchen]

Phoebe: You didn't get the money, did you?

Monica: Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!

Phoebe: No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! (Phoebe goes into the living room.) Hey, widow?

Mrs. Burkart: (Singing) Come on along and listen to...

Phoebe: Okay, Widow!

Mrs. Burkart: (Singing) ...the lullabye of...

Phoebe: Excuse me. Excuse me! (Mrs. Bukart stops singing) Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.

Mrs. Burkart: All right. I'll get my bag.

Phoebe: Good. (Phoebe and Mrs. Burkart go into the other room, leaving Monica with everyone staring at her.)

Monica: I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.

[Scene: Outside Cheryl's apartment.]

Cheryl: So you want to come inside?

Ross: (mustering up courage) Yes. Yes I do. (They go inside.)

Cheryl: I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable. (Ross attempts to clear a place for his coat and fold it small enough to fit. Then hit sits on the couch. Something falls on him from above and he brushes his neck off frantically.)

Cheryl: (sneaking up behind Ross) Guess who?

Ross: Department of Sanitation?

Cheryl: It's me!

Ross: Oh! (She kisses him) Ah. (They kiss more, and move down onto the couch. Ross's hand moves under some garbage) Aw! (His hand is covered with something brown and gooey.)

Cheryl: What?

Ross: (trying to make his disgust into lust) Ah, Cheryl!

Cheryl: Oh, Ross!

[They sit up, moaning in excitement, and Cheryl straddles Ross. Ross finds a slice of bologna and moans higher and louder, then a bag of potato chips on the coffee table starts to move. Ross throws Cheryl off his lap, grabs a tennis racket and a toilet brush and starts pounding the bag.]

Cheryl: Wait! No! No! It's my hamster! It's Mitzi!

Ross: Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.

Cheryl: (looking in the bag) Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a rat.

[Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is sitting on the couch alone working on a crossword puzzle. Gunther is there, going into the back room.]

Rachel: I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!

[From the background we hear a crash and Gunther comes running out of the back room, pushing people aside, reaching for Rachel.]

Gunther: Move!

[Gunther slips and falls just before reaching the back of the couch. Monica and Phoebe come into Central Perk.]

Rachel: Hey! Hey, you guys, I finished the crossword all by myself! Hug me!

[Gunther gets up slowly from behind the couch and walks away sadly]

Phoebe: Uh... yay!

Rachel: Thanks!

Monica: Oh, that's great! Congratulations!

Rachel: Thank you! Hey, how'd the catering go?

Monica: Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.

Phoebe: Yeah. I'm a hard ass.

Monica: And I'm a wuss. And we should be partners.

Phoebe: Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!

Monica: Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!

Phoebe: Okay!

Monica: I can cook and you can take care of the money.

Phoebe: Yeah. Oh! It'll be like I have a wife in the fifties!

Both: (screaming with excitement) Aah!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is there, Joey enters.]

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?

Joey: Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.

Chandler: Oh yeah? That's great!

Joey: Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!

Chandler: [nodding, with mixed feelings] Aahhuuhhh....

[Kathy enters]

Kathy: Hey.

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey! Happy birthday.

Kathy: Thank you!

Joey: You know, uh... [Joey moves the pen case out onto the counter.] Chandler got you a gift, too.

Chandler: No he didn't. [Moving it back.]

Joey: Yeah, he did, look... look, it's right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!

Chandler: Happy birthday! I'm sorry.

Kathy: You really didn't have to. (Opens the box) Wow.

Chandler: See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.

Kathy: Yeah. No, this is great. Thank you, Chandler. (They hug).

Chandler: Oh, yeah... yeah.

Joey: Ah. Hm. (To Kathy) Wanna go to bed?

Kathy: I'll be in in a minute.

Joey: Oh, uh... don't forget your coupon. (Tries to strike a sexy pose up against the doorway to his room. Then goes inside).

Chandler: [to Kathy] Goodnight.

Kathy: Um, thank you for the gift.

Chandler: Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.

Kathy: No, I... I didn't mean the pen. Thank you for the book.

Chandler: Uh, the book?

Kathy: The Velveteen Rabbit. I kinda have the feeling you had something to do with it.

Chandler: What do you mean?

Kathy: Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.

Chandler: (tongue-tied) Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."

Kathy: You must really like... Joey... to go to all that trouble for him.

Chandler: Oh, yeah, he's my... he's my best friend.

Kathy: Well....

Chandler: Goodnight. (Goes to his room.)

Joey: (opening bedroom door) Hey, that coupon expires, you know.

Closing Credits

[Scene: Outside Cheryl's apartment, Monica knocks on Cheryl's door]

Monica: Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.

Cheryl: Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, that's too bad that didn't work out.

Monica: Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it?

[Cheryl shrugs, shuts the door, looking puzzled]

Monica: No?

[Monica looks around the hallway, pulls out a sponge and starts scrubbing the door frame.]
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone except Joey and Chandler are there eating breakfast.]

Chandler: (entering in a bathrobe) I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!

Ross: Y'know if we ever go to war and you’re captured, you’re in for a big surprise.

Chandler: It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it’s bad enough that I’m in love with my roommates girlfriend—which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we’re in the room together there’s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I’ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she’s smooth! Smooth! (leaves)

(Pause)

Phoebe: Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?

All: Yeah! Oh my God!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is getting a phone number from a woman (Casey) as Chandler watches from the doorway.]

Casey: Here you go.

Joey: Great! All right, so I’ll call you later.

Casey: Great! (leaves)

Chandler: (rushing up) Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?

Joey: That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight.

Chandler: Goin’ out, huh? Wow! Wow! (Does a little celebration dance) So things didn’t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.

Joey: No, things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.

Chandler: (shocked) What?

Joey: Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)

Chandler: Wait! You’re going out with Kathy!

Joey: Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?

Chandler: Well, I’m upset—for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. (He can’t believe he just sad that.)

Joey: What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive.

Chandler: Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she’s-she’s smart, and funny, and gets you.

Joey: You got all that from the back of her head?

Chandler: All right look, I think it’s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.

Joey: Who’s Elaine?

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Monica are sitting on the couch playing cards, and Phoebe is working on a new song.]

Phoebe: (singing) "Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease…" Darn it! Now, I don’t know who to get to the next verse.

Ross: Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease… (plays air guitar) BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.

Phoebe: Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about ‘bah-bah-bha-bhan?’

Ross: Well umm, y’know, I used to play.

Phoebe: Oh yeah, that’s right, the keyboards, huh?

Ross: Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that’s-that’s when I really found my sound.

(Monica is taking a drink as Ross says that, laughs, and snorts her drink.)

Monica: Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.

Ross: Yeah.

Monica: He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."

Phoebe: I wanna hear "The Sound."

Ross: Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven’t played in so long, and-and, well it’s-it’s really personal stuff, y’know?

Phoebe: Come on, play that funky music white boy.

Monica: Yeah!

Ross: No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in—No, yeah, okay. (Runs out.)

[Cut to later that same day, Ross has retrieved his keyboard and is about to debut, "The Sound."]

Ross: Okay, guys.

Chandler: All right! Bring it on, you…

Ross: Here we go. (Plays one note) Y’know, I’ve-I’ve never played my stuff for anyone before, so it’s important that-that you understand it’s about communicating very private emotions. (Plays another note) Y’know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That’s what I’m…

Chandler: (interrupting) Oh my God! Play!

(Ross starts to play. He plays a key that has a back beat sound attached to it. Over the background music he plays the sound of a barking dog, a mooing cow, a laser beam, someone coughing, a jackhammer, a doorbell, a police siren, a ray gun, breaking dishes, and for a closer he plays the sound of a loud crash. Basically, the music sucks.)

Monica: (At a loss for words) Boy, that was-that was, umm… terrific.

Chandler: Really, bitchin’!

Phoebe: Wow, it was so—wow!

Ross: Really?! I mean, really?!!

Rachel: Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!

Ross: Wow! Thanks, you guys. That’s uh—ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I’ll be right back! Okay? (Runs to fetch them) This is so nice, I’m—I am so… (starts to break up and leaves)

Monica: Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!

Rachel: Oh, I can’t believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.

Phoebe: What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it’s just, it’s so different from the stuff you usually hear.

Chandler: You mean like, music?

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching Yasmein Bleeth running on TV, and the duck starts quacking.]

Chandler: Yeah, I know what you’re thinkin’! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.

(There’s a knock on the door.)

Chandler: Come in!

Kathy: (entering) Hey! (sees what’s on TV) Oh God, is that Baywatch?

Chandler: Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.

Kathy: So is Joey around?

Chandler: No-no, he’s not back yet, but he’ll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?

Kathy: I uh, don’t really have a preference. You?

Chandler: I like it in the stern. (Realizes what he just said.) …of the boat. (The phone rings, and he answers it.) (on phone) Hello.

Joey: (on the other end at a pay phone) Hey, it’s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.

Chandler: What happened?

Joey: We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I’ll be there as soon as I can.

Chandler: Why can’t you tell her?

Joey: ‘Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to—(he stops talking suddenly)

Chandler: Joey! Joey!!

Joey: Yeah?

Chandler: I thought your time ran out.

Joey: Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more—(his time runs out for real)

Chandler: (to Kathy) Uhh, that was Joey. He’s running a little late, he says he’s sorry.

Kathy: Oh.

Chandler: So I guess it’s just uh, you and me then.

Kathy: Oh, okay.

Chandler: Yeah, I think it is!

Kathy: So what did you do today?

Chandler: Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut…

Kathy: (interrupting) Oh, it looks great!

Chandler: …and then it got canceled.

Kathy: Well, I could cut it.

Chandler: Really?! You do that?

Kathy: Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt’s dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?

Chandler: Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don’t make my tail too poofy.

[Cut to later, Kathy is cutting Chandler’s hair.]

Kathy: You have really great hair.

Chandler: Well, thanks. I grow it myself. (Kathy is running her fingers through his hair, and Chandler catches himself enjoying it too much.) Y’know who also has great hair is Joey!

Kathy: Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I’m basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck.

(Kathy leans in really close and Chandler mouths "Oh my God." She moves around in front of him and kneels at his feet.)

Chandler: What-what ‘cha doin’?

Kathy: Checking to see if it’s even.

Chandler: ‘Kay.

Kathy: Looks good.

(They lean in to kiss and are interrupted by the phone.)

Chandler: (jumping up to answer the phone) Oh the phone! The phone’s making sounds! (On phone) Hello!

Joey: (on phone) Hey dude, it’s me.

Chandler: Hey it’s Joey!

Joey: Listen uh, I’m really sorry, it looks like I’m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn’t there!

Chandler: What?

Joey: Yeah, it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.

Chandler: Okay.

Joey: Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.

Chandler: Oh yeah man. (to Kathy) Joey. (Hands her the phone.)

Kathy: (on phone) Hey. (listens) Oh no it’s fine, don’t worry about it. (listens) Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it’s okay. (listens) Yeah! I’ll talk to you tomorrow. (hangs up) (to Chandler) I should uh, probably go.

Chandler: Yeah. Yes! Yeah.

(Kathy leaves and Chandler groans in agony. Kathy knocks on the door and Chandler opens it.)

Kathy: I forgot my purse.

Chandler: Oh.

(They kiss, passionately.)

Kathy: No, I really did forget my purse.

(They kiss again.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, continued from earlier. Chandler and Kathy are still kissing, then they stop suddenly.]

Chandler: No-no-no-no, this is bad! It’s bad! This is bad!

Kathy: Horrible!

Chandler: Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?

Kathy: No-no-no, the kiss was good.

Chandler: Okay!

Kathy: No, but that’s bad!

Chandler: Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here’s what we do, we-we forget it happened.

Kathy: What?!

Chandler: Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we’re unhappy forever. Sound good?

Kathy: Can you really do that?

Chandler: I have to; he’s my best friend, and you’re seeing him.

Kathy: Chandler, I like Joey a lot, but with you…

Chandler: (interrupting) Oh-no-no-no! Don’t! Don’t! See-see, you’re getting me confused, I’m starting to urn.

Kathy: I’m sorry. If you wanna pretend that nothing happened, I can try.

Chandler: I-I think we have too.

Kathy: Okay. Bye.

Chandler: Bye. (Kathy leaves and Chandler wonders over to and leans up against the door.) Are you still out there?

Kathy: (outside the door) No. (Chandler opens the door and they kiss again.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is performing, his music hasn’t improved.]

Ross: (His voice is altered to sound like a computer.) Electrifying. (He plays the sound of a ticking clock.) Emphatic time-time-time…

Monica: (to Rachel and Phoebe) Y'know, there’s a Starbucks about three blocks down.

Phoebe: (pushing Monica back onto the couch) It’s so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!

[cut back to Ross who finally finishes his so-called song with the same crash from before. He gets some applause, mainly ‘cause he’s done.]

Ross: (with the altered voice) Thank you guys-guys-guys…

Monica: (to Phoebe) Hey, aren’t you up next?

Phoebe: Oh no, I’m not playing tonight.

Rachel: Why not?

Phoebe: I can’t follow Ross! It’d be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.

Monica: Phoebe, Ross sucks!

Rachel: Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.

Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!

(Rachel and Monica look at each other, and agree on something without saying anything.)

Monica: Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.

Rachel: Yeah, Phoebe you’re… awful!

Phoebe: You guys. You suck too. (She hugs them both.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is opening the door, but Chandler has the chain on it.]

Joey: Aww man! I can’t believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)

Chandler: Hang on buddy! (He goes over and unlocks the door and opens it to reveal a fully furnished apartment.)

Joey: (rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?

Chandler: I sure did.

Joey: Why?

Chandler: Well, I just thought it’d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.

Joey: Well, you’re amazing.

Chandler: Oh no-no-no. This is amazing. (He goes over and presses a button on a remote control that opens the entertainment center doors revealing the TV.)

Joey: (very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?

Chandler: Well, y’know I’m 29. I mean who needs a savings account.

Joey: Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.

Chandler: Oh, I don’t know.

Joey: Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I’m gonna do that.

Chandler: You mean with Casey.

Joey: No-no-no, I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool.

Chandler: Or Casey.

Joey: No-no, Kathy.

Chandler: Could be Casey.

Joey: No. No, Kathy.

Chandler: Consider Casey.

Joey: Y’know what I think? I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey. How ‘bout I fix you two up? What do you think?

Chandler: That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross has just finished playing.]

Ross: (to Phoebe) Hey!

Phoebe: Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!

Ross: Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don’t want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?

Phoebe: Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.

Ross: Pheebs…

Phoebe: Yeah, I-I can’t—I mean y’know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just—I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I…

Ross: See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y’know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I… I won’t play anymore.

Phoebe: Oh no. No-no-no, don’t do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.

Ross: Yeah, okay.

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel and Monica are sitting on the couch and Phoebe is getting coffee as Chandler enters. Ross is also there.]

Ross: Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.

Monica: Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!

Chandler: I kissed Kathy.

Ross: What?

Monica: Are you serious?

Phoebe: Does Joey know?

Chandler: No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he’ll understand this?

Monica: You obviously haven’t screwed over a lot of your friends. (They all look at her) Which we all appreciate.

Ross: No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would’ve just stepped aside.

Chandler: Oh, don’t say that! Don’t say that. That’s not true. Is it?

Phoebe: I think maybe, yeah.

Monica: He loves you.

Chandler: Then why didn’t you tell me to do that?!!

Ross: Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.

Phoebe: Yeah! No, that’s right. And I thought it was a really good idea.

Rachel: I know, I remember that!

Monica: I remember you did.

Chandler: God!! (Sits down in disgust.) What am I gonna do?!

Rachel: Well, Chandler, you’re gonna have to tell him.

Chandler: Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!

Rachel: Because you do.

Chandler: Yeah, I know.

Ross: Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is watching TV as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey! Samboucha Margarita?

Chandler: Is that a real thing?

Joey: Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now.

Chandler: Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.

Joey: What’s up?

Chandler: It’s-it’s about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.

Joey: You do?

Chandler: Yeah.

Joey: Well, you’re timing couldn’t be better. She’s not my girlfriend anymore.

Chandler: What?

Joey: Yeah, she broke up with me.

Chandler: Oh uh, when?

Joey: Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that’s why I let people watch.

Chandler: Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?

Joey: Well, I’ve been better. But, I’m all right. So you like her huh?

Chandler: Yes, but I-I uh, don’t have too.

Joey: No-no-no, no it’s uh, it’s okay.

Chandler: Yeah?

Joey: Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause you came to me first.

Chandler: Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.

Joey: But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you’re work cut out for you. ‘Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she’s into some other guy. So…

Chandler: See uh, that’s-that’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.

Joey: Who?

Chandler: It’s me. I’m the other guy.

Joey: What?

Chandler: Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and…

Joey: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!

Chandler: No! No! No! I just kissed her.

Joey: What?!! That’s even worse!!

Chandler: How is that worse?!

Joey: I don’t know! But it’s the same!

Chandler: Look, I’m sorry! But there’s nothing I can do, I think I’m in love with her!

Joey: Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!

Chandler: You’re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.

Joey: Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!

Chandler: Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!

Joey: Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y’know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there’s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I’m not gonna eat! You know why?!

Chandler: Probably because…

Joey: Because it’s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I’m not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is playing his music. Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]

Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s lost it. He’s totally lost it.

Monica: (removing ear plugs) What?

Rachel: Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.

(Ross finally finishes with the same crash, and gets some applause.)

Ross: Thank you, thanks. (Sits down next to the girls) Yeah, I lost it. Y’know, I’m not gonna play anymore, (to Phoebe) would you, can you finish my set?

Phoebe: After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help.

(Phoebe gets up and goes to play, Ross goes over and sits down next to Monica and Rachel.)

Ross: Yeah, like I could lose it.

Rachel: What?

Ross: I played bad on purpose guys.

(Both Monica and Rachel laugh.)

Monica: Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.

Ross: Yeah—no, just that last song.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is sitting at the counter reading a magazine as the phone rings.]

Joey: (answering phone) Hello.

Chandler: (on phone) Hey, it’s me. I know you can’t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I’d try and apologize over the phone. All I… (Joey hangs up the phone in disgust.)

(Pause)

(The phone rings again.)

Joey: (answering phone) Hello.

Chandler: Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m… (Joey hangs up the phone again.)

(Pause)

(The phone rings yet again.)

Joey: (answering phone) Stop callin’!!

Voice: (on phone) Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.

Joey: All right!

Voice: What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything… (Joey realizes it’s Chandler and hangs up the phone in anger.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone but Joey and Chandler are there getting ready for Thanksgiving.]

Chandler: (entering) Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!

Phoebe: Look everyone, it’s the spirit of Thanksgiving!

Rachel: So are things with you and Joey any better?

Chandler: They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.

Rachel: Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?

Ross: Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?

Rachel: You shouldn’t.

Phoebe: Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there’s the added mystery of who gets who.

Ross: Who gets whom. (They all look at him.) I don’t know why I do that.

[Cut to later, the gang, minus Joey, is watching the Thanksgiving Day parade.]

Rachel: Well, I’m gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.

Monica: We haven’t eaten yet!

Rachel: I know, but all that work you’re doing to get it ready, I just… (goes into her bedroom.)

Chandler: Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, ‘cause I wanna trade for her.

Phoebe: I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!

Chandler: Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?

Phoebe: Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it’s like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let’s trade!

Chandler: Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it… (notices the look on Monica and Phoebe’s faces.) Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it… (Phoebe looks confused.) Her initials…

Phoebe: Ohh.

Monica: Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.

Chandler: Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a girlie briefcase.

Monica: Who cares? He works in a museum!

Chandler: Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!

Phoebe: You don’t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren’t here, you can watch the parade if you want.

Chandler: Thanks.

Monica: What is wrong with this freezer?! (She jabs her arm into the freezer and a piece of ice flies into her eye.) Ow! Ow!!

Phoebe: God, what happened?!

Monica: Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!

Rachel: (standing in her doorway) People are trying to sleep in here!

Chandler: Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.

Phoebe: Open it up, let me see.

Monica: Oh, y’know what, I can’t, it really kills.

Chandler: Well maybe you should put some ice on it.

Phoebe: Ooh, God it looks bad.

Rachel: Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.

Monica: No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can’t go to him when I don’t have a boyfriend!

Chandler: He’s really picky about his patients.

Phoebe: Honey, you’ve got to go. What’s his office number?

Monica: Like I remember his office number! (Pause) Speed dial 7.

Phoebe: (on phone) Hi! Yeah, I’m calling on behalf of Monica Geller’s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. (Listens) (to Monica) He’s out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?

Monica: Yes!!

Phoebe: Yes! She’s very excited about that.

[Cut to later, Phoebe is adding butter to something and Ross is watching.]

Phoebe: This is so cool, ‘til Monica gets back, it’s like I’m head chef and I get to make all the decisions. (She looks at the remaining butter, and then decides to add it to the dish.)

Ross: Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!

Phoebe: Okay, get out of my kitchen!

Chandler: (entering) All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! (Ross is pleased.) I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.

Phoebe: All right I… I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.

Ross: So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I’m already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.

Chandler: Oh y’know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.

Ross: Really?! Wow! That’s-that’s so nice, what are you gonna get me?

Chandler: I don’t know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.

Ross: Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.

Chandler: Oh no-no-no, you don’t want to do that, then you’re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.

Ross: Oh, that’s not true! I’ve got her lots of stuff she never took back.

Chandler: Like?

Ross: Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.

Chandler: When was the last time you saw her wear it?

Ross: Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh…

Chandler: Big dog?

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is repacking the furniture into boxes to return it.]

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Ross: What are you doing?

Joey: I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.

Ross: Everything? Even the TV?

Joey: No! I’m putting that in my room.

Ross: Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don’t you think you could at least hear the guy out?

Joey: Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?

Ross: That’s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?

Joey: Five years.

Ross: You’ve sentenced him?!

Joey: Hey! Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time.

Ross: Joey, the guy’s your best friend.

Joey: No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there’s a spot open.

Ross: Oh, who? Me?

Joey: Yeah!

Ross: Wow! I’m honored! And y’know what I’m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?

Joey: What?

Ross: I’m gonna get you to talk to Chandler.

Joey: All right. But if you weren’t my best friend.

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Kathy are sitting at a table and talking about Joey.]

Kathy: Oh my God, is it really that bad?

Chandler: I walk into a room and he won’t even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.

Joey: (entering) Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?

Gunther: I thought you were Chandler. But umm, one of who is over there.

(Joey turns around and sees them kissing.)

Kathy: Oh.

Chandler: Hey Joe.

Joey: (Something in Italian.) (Storms out.)

[Scene: Dr. Burke’s office, Rachel and Monica are waiting as the doctor arrives.]

Doctor: I’ll be right with you. Okay? (to the nurse) Thanks, Wendy.

Monica: Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?

Rachel: Ooh, so cute, that I’m thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.

(The intercom buzzes.)

Nurse: Dr. Burke will see you know.

Monica: Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.

Nurse: Dr. Richard Burke is out of town. Dr. Timothy Burke, his son, will see you now.

Dr. Timothy Burke: Ready?

(Monica looks at Rachel, who gives her the thumbs up.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is packing as Chandler rushes in.]

Chandler: Hey! I’m sorry! That—(sees that Joey is about to leave) where are you going?

Joey: My folks.

Chandler: Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?

Joey: I don’t know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.

Chandler: What?!

Joey: Yeah, y’know at first I thought we could talk about this y’know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don’t think I…

Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I’ll stop seeing her?

Joey: Look, it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don’t want to live with some one who doesn’t know what it is to be a friend. So, I’ll see ya. (He starts to leave, but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)

Chandler: Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!

Joey: Yeah! You did! And that’s why I’m leaving.

(The chick and the duck walk into the living room.)

Chandler: All right look, if you’re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!

Joey: When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!

Chandler: What?

Joey: Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn’t have worried about it so much! See you around!

Chandler: All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. (Joey looks intrigued) What?

Joey: We’ve got a box. (Motions to a large wooden box next to him.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Dr. Burke’s office, Tim is examining Monica.]

Tim: Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.

Monica: I was probably waiting for it to open.

Tim: I gotta tell you, you look great now.

Monica: You look great too.

Tim: You’re an excellent patient!

Monica: So how does it look?

Tim: Well, you’ve got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.

Monica: Like a pirate?!

Tim: If that helps you.

Monica: Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? (He looks at her) Come on, one of us had to mention him.

Tim: I moved back here a couple of months ago.

Monica: Oh. Big family dinner tonight?

Tim: Uh. (He holds up a brown lunch bag.)

Monica: No way!

Tim: I was gonna have Thanksgiving at my girlfriend’s.

Monica: (disappointed) Oh.

Tim: But we broke up.

Monica: (happy) Oh.

Tim: She-she wasn’t ready for a serious commitment.

Monica: (sympathetic) Oh. (in a pirate’s voice) So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?

Tim: You’re not wearing the patch yet.

Monica: I know.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, It’s closer to dinner. Monica has just told everyone that Tim is coming to dinner.]

Ross: He’s coming here for Thanksgiving!

Rachel: I know, it’s sick.

Monica: Why is it sick?

Rachel: Because it’s Richard’s son! It’s like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!

Monica: Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don’t you?

Phoebe: Yeah, I can see where I’d be your best shot but, no. I’m sorry, but I think it’s twisted.

Ross: Yeah.

Joey: (coming out of the bathroom) What’s twisted?

Monica: Me going out with Richard’s son.

Joey: Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!

Chandler: (He is now in the box, in their living room.) Sounds like a really bad idea to me.

Rachel: Is he okay in there?

Joey: He’s fine!

Ross: Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard’s son, you’d be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.

Monica: Fine! Judge all you want to but, (points to Ross) married a lesbian, (points to Rachel) left a man at the altar, (points to Phoebe) fell in love with a gay ice dancer, (points to Joey) threw a girl’s wooden leg in a fire, (points to Chandler) livin’ in a box!! (goes to her room)

Rachel: So now, what exactly is the point of the box?

Joey: Chandler?

Chandler: The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!

Ross: (to Rachel) Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?

Rachel: (worried) Why?

Ross: I just wanna check something.

Rachel: Okay. (She goes into her bedroom)

Ross: (He puts his hand over the hole on the box.) (to Chandler) Now, we’ll see.

Chandler: Air hole! Air hole!! (Ross retracts his hand quickly.)

Rachel: (coming out of her bedroom with a necklace) Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.

Ross: (grabbing the necklace) The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.

Rachel: Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.

Ross: Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!

Rachel: Well isn’t it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?

Ross: What did you get?

Rachel: Credit.

(There’s a knock on the door.)

Monica: (running in from her bedroom) I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! (opens the door) Hi, Tim.

Tim: Hi. (gives her a bottle of wine)

Monica: Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.

Tim: Hi, nice to meet you.

Monica: And Joey.

Joey: Hey!

Tim: Hi, Joey.

Monica: My brother, Ross.

Ross: Hey.

Monica: And Rachel. (Chandler clears his voice loudly) And that’s Chandler.

Chandler: How do ya do.

Tim: What’s…

Monica: Umm, well, he’s…

Joey: He’s doin’ some thinkin’!

[cut to later, Joey, Rachel, Ross, and Tim are watching the football game, and they all cheer loudly.]

Chandler: What happened? What happened?!

Joey: You kissed my girlfriend!

(A commercial for sunglasses comes on.)

Rachel: Ooh, I like those sunglasses.

Ross: Like ‘em, like ‘em? Or, I’d like to get store credit for that amount like ‘em?

Rachel: (Swears in Italian, it’s the same term used by Joey earlier and Joey nods his approval.)

Monica: All right everybody, this turkey is ready!

Tim: Where can I wash up?

Monica: Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.

Tim: Thank you.

Rachel: Fancy soap? I thought we were savin’ that for the Pope!

Monica: See he’s nice. Right?

Phoebe: Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That’s not how your dad used to do it."

Tim: Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?

Monica: I saved you a seat. (Motions to the one next to her.)

Rachel: (pouring the wine) Sick-sick-sick-sick.

(There’s a loud knocking.)

Phoebe: Oh, I’ll get it. (goes over to the door.)

Chandler: Gotcha! (laughs)

Joey: That doesn’t sound like thinking to me!

Chandler: Sorry!

Joey: Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!

Chandler: Okay, okay, you got it!

Rachel: Ross, can you pass me the yams?

Ross: Sure! Oh, and Joey’s got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.

Rachel: Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!

Monica: Oh-ho-ho, we’ve got company.

Ross: There’s nothing the matter with me. See, I’m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.

Rachel: Okay, fine. (She gets up and walks into her bedroom)

(an awkward silence follows)

Chandler: You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!

Joey: All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn’t mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you’re just an idiot in a box!

Chandler: You’re right, and I’m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won’t say another word tonight.

Joey: So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?

Chandler: Absolutely!

Joey: That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There’s no response from Chandler.) Okay.

(Rachel comes back carrying a shoe box.)

Rachel: Don’t say that I have no sentiment! (Starts to show Ross what’s in the box.) This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! (Holds up a bone) This is from the museum from the first time we… were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!

Ross: I don’t know what to say, I’m sorry. Though, you’re not supposed to take these. (Points to the bone) It’s like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.

(Rachel glares at him.)

[Cut to the balcony with Monica and Tim.]

Monica: (putting off her coat) Ooh, this always happens. (Her coat gets stuck.)

Tim: Here, let me help. (Does so.)

Monica: Thank you.

Tim: You-you have a very beautiful… eye.

Monica: Y’know all my friends think this is weird.

Tim: Y’know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn’t.

Monica: I know! I mean it’s like me and your dad, that’s a totally separate thing.

Tim: Oh, I totally agree.

Monica: We’re just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?

(Tim leans in to kiss her. They stop, and when he tries to kiss her again, Monica pulls away.)

Tim: What?

Monica: Nothing. Nothing.

Tim: No-no really, was-was that not okay?

Monica: No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss…

Tim: Oh my God! It didn’t remind you of…

Monica: (interrupting) Don’t say it!

Tim: No, but it did! Didn’t it?!

Monica: Yeah!

Tim: Oh man!!

Monica: I know!

(They both shiver in horror.)

[cut to later, Tim has left. Monica is still shivering. There’s a knock on the door.]

Joey: I’ll get it. (It’s Kathy.)

Kathy: (sees it’s Joey) Oh.

Joey: Hey.

Kathy: Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am…

Joey: That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.

Kathy: Well, I’m still sorry. Is he here?

Joey: In the box.

Kathy: (going over to the box) Chandler?

Phoebe: Oh, he-he can’t talk right now.

Kathy: Why not? What’s going on?

Phoebe: He’s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.

Kathy: By being in a box?

Rachel: Joey, had reasons.

Phoebe: They were threefold.

Kathy: Oh. Well uh, (to Chandler) you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm… (She looks at the gang who are watching, they take the hint and leave them alone.) Listen I don’t wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can’t stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don’t wanna be the cause of that. So, I don’t think we can see each other anymore. I’m gonna go to my mom’s in Chicago, I’m gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could’ve be something really amazing, but y’know this is probably for the best. Y’know? I’m gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.

(She gets up and leaves, Chandler waves good-bye with one finger extended through the air hole. Ross glares at Joey.)

Joey: (starting to cry) Open the box!! (Runs over to do so.)

Rachel: What?!

Joey: He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! (He opens the box) Get out of there!

Chandler: So?

Joey: Yeah, we’re gonna be fine! Get out!

Chandler: Yeah?

Joey: Yeah, you did some real good thinkin’ in there.

Chandler: Man, this is…

(Joey says something unintelligible and they hug.)

Joey: Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re secret Santa! (Chandler runs out and closes the door.)

(After he’s gone.)

Joey: All right, who got Chandler? ‘Cause I uh, need to trade.

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, the gang is all there watching Chandler.]

Rachel: Oh, he sees her!

Monica: Oh, he’s catching up to her!

Phoebe: Oh, she sees him! Oh, they’re hugging!

Ross: He’s taking her purse!

Joey: Uhh, that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.

Phoebe: Oh, there they are!

(They watch them making up and sigh)

Phoebe: All right, get a room.
[Scene: Outside Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are showing everyone the van they bought for the catering business. It’s an old Dodge van, that has a cartoon woman riding on a dragon painted on the side of it.]

Phoebe: Okay!

Monica: Come on, no peeking! (They are leading the gang out with there hands over their eyes.)

Chandler: Our eyes are closed and we’re about to cross the street. Very good.

Phoebe: Okayyyyy, open up!

(They open their eyes and are stunned at the van.)

Ross: What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!

Phoebe: Yeah, it’s for our catering business!

Joey: I think I know that girl.

Monica: All right, umm, we’re not gonna really keep it this way though.

Rachel: No?

Phoebe: No, we’re gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.

Rachel: Oh!

Phoebe: And also, we don’t know what to do with this. (She turns on a switch and the girl’s nipples light up.)

Joey: Oh yeah, I definitely know her.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is all there.]

Monica: (to Phoebe) Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?

Phoebe: Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.

Monica: Well, I’m gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.

Monica: Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence… dozens of people.

Phoebe: How could you say yes, what about our catering business?

Monica: Oh no-no-no, it’s only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.

All: Yay!!

Phoebe: Oh, in that case—(hops up and down in joy)—Yay! (Monica looks confused) That was me hopping on board.

Monica: Oh.

Chandler: (entering) Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?

Ross: I don’t know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there’s this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.

Chandler: No-no, I don’t think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!

Ross: Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?

Chandler: Kathy’s with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!

Ross: Dude, we are sooo gonna party!

Phoebe: Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?

Ross: Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.

Chandler: I’m gonna call and get off work tomorrow!

Ross: I’m gonna call after you!

Chandler: This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!

Chandler and Ross: Woooo!!!

Monica: All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?

Joey: Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?

Ross: Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!

Joey: Well, why do you call him Gandolf?

Ross: Gandolf the wizard. (Joey is still confused) Hello! Didn’t you read Lord of the Rings in high school?

Joey: No, I had sex in high school.

[Scene: Rachel’s office, Rachel and Sophie are sitting at their desks working as Joanna walks in.]

Rachel: Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There’s an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss…

Joanna: (interrupting) Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.

Rachel: Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and…

Joanna: Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can’t stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.

Rachel: God, I am so glad you don’t have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn’t even consider applying.

Joanna: Really? Well, in that case…

Rachel: (interrupting) And that’s I’m so glad… there’s no problem.

Joanna: That’s fine, actually I’m on the hiring committee, so there’ll be at least one friendly face.

Rachel: Ohh! That’s great!

Joanna: You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.

Rachel: Really?!

Joanna: No-ho-ho! (pause) Yeah. (pause) I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don’t you worry, I’m sure with your qualifications you won’t need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.

Rachel: Well, I, umm…

Joanna: Kidding! God, I feel wild today!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is getting ready to party.]

Chandler: Oh man! I am so excited—I may vomit!

Joey: Will you calm down, he’s just a human guy.

Chandler: Look you don’t understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y’know you’re never know what’s gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!

Joey: Really?!

Chandler: Oh yeah, it’s beautiful country up there.

Ross: (entering) Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!

Chandler: It’s not gonna be exactly like last time.

Joey: All right, I’ll see you guys.

Chandler and Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa!

Chandler: Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!

Joey: I have an audition, but I’ll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?

Ross: Somewhere maybe along the equator?

Joey: Okay. (leaves as the phone rings)

Chandler: (answering it) Hello. (listens) (to Ross) It’s Gandolf!!! (on phone) So, are you in town? (listens) (disappointed) Oh, well, well maybe next time then. (Hangs up)

Ross: What happened?

Chandler: He’s not gonna make it, he’s stuck in Chicago.

Ross: Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!

Chandler: Stupid, useless Canadian money!

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel is meeting with Mr. Posner, Mrs. Lynch, and Joanna the hiring committee.]

Mr. Posner: You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.

Rachel: Thank you.

Joanna: Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? (to the committee) It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.

Rachel: Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.

Mrs. Lynch: I notice that you’ve been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.

Rachel: Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.

Joanna: Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It’s amazing how she gets it right almost every time!

Rachel: I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.

Joanna: Oh yes, well there’s the coffee too. (to the committee) Rachel can carry two things at once!

Mr. Posner: Yes, that’s very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.

Rachel: Yes, I realize that…

Joanna: (interrupting) And Rachel shouldn’t have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.

Rachel: I love working with designers!

Joanna: With them, under them, what’s the difference? Eh, Rach?

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is there as Monica enters carrying a huge stack of newspapers.]

Monica: Hey! My first review is out!

Phoebe: Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.

Monica: All right, look at my on the back page.

Phoebe: Oh, okay! (reading) "Would I go back to Allesandro’s? Sure, but I’d have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." (to Monica) Wow! You really laid into this place.

Monica: Hey, they don’t pay me a penny a word to make friends.

Phoebe: Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.

Monica: Oh! Do you need me to go with you?

Phoebe: No-no, it’s okay. But are we sure we don’t want the waterbed?

Monica: Haven’t we made this decision?

Phoebe: Yeah, all right. (starts to leave)

Monica: Bye!

Phoebe: Bye!

(The intercom buzzes.)

Monica: (answering it) Who is it?

Allesandro: It’s Allesandro, from Allesandro’s.

Monica: Oh my God.

Allesandro: I want to talk to you about your review.

Monica: Oh my God, oh my God. (on intercom) Call me on the phone!

Allesandro: Why? So you could hang up on me?

Monica: Look, I-I’m never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.

Allesandro: Just give me a chance too…

Phoebe: (on intercom) Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.

Monica: No! Phoebe!

Phoebe: Hey, Monica!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]

Allesandro: (entering) I want a retraction! Our food is not inedible swill!

Monica: I couldn’t eat it! I had five friends who couldn’t eat it, and one of them eats books.

Allesandro: Well our service is not grossly incompetent.

Monica: The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!

Allesandro: Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!

Monica: All right, that I’ll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn’t it. You’re marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.

Allesandro: Hey! I’m proud of that sauce, it’s delicious.

Monica: Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?

Allesandro: (shyly) Lebanon.

Monica: Hand me those tomatoes, I’m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.

Allesandro: How long is this gonna take? ‘Cause I got another critic to go yell at.

[Scene: Rachel’s office, Rachel is confronting Joanna about her interview.]

Rachel: (entering Joanna’s office) Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.

Joanna: I thought it went very well.

Rachel: No! It didn’t! That’s what I want to talk to you about. (starts to break up) Now, just to brief you… (starts to cry) I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.

Joanna: Rachel, please, don’t make a scene.

Rachel: There’s nobody here!

Joanna: Sophie, get in here! (Sophie enters) You see! Now you’re making Sophie uncomfortable!

Sophie: She’s not making me uncomfortable.

Joanna: Congratulations! You now just crossed the line into completely useless. Get out. (Sophie starts to cry and leaves)

Rachel: Do you want me to quit?

Joanna: What?! What would make you think that?

Rachel: Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y’know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, (She goes over to get all of her belongings from the desk, which amount to a muffin and a pen) and I will be gone by the end of the day! (Realizes she has nothing.) Well, I guess there’s no use to me sticking around ‘til the end of the day! (Starts to leave.)

Joanna: Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it’s drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn’t want to lose a perfectly good assistant.

Rachel: What?

Joanna: That’s why I said all those things about your flirting and your drinking…

Rachel: My drinking?

Joanna: Oh, I must’ve said that after you left.

Rachel: Said what? Exactly.

Joanna: That you enjoyed the occasional drink…ing binge.

Rachel: Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I’m leaving! You are just a horrible person!

Joanna: Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!! If you’re gonna get all sensitive about it! I don’t want to lose you. What if I, create a position for you? I’ll make you an assistant buyer in this department.

Rachel: Say more things like that.

Joanna: You can have your own office, and a raise! Effective tomorrow.

Rachel: I’d need an expense account.

Joanna: Done!

Rachel: And an assistant.

Joanna: Sophie, get in here! (Sophie peeks in around the corner)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Chandler are watching TV as Joey enters.]

Joey: Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you’d be out partying with Gandel-worf.

Ross: It’s Gandolf, and he’s not coming.

Joey: So you’ve been sittin’ around here all mornin’?

Ross: No! I balanced my checkbook.

Chandler: Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.

Ross: I can’t believe he didn’t come!

Joey: So what if he didn’t come! We can still go out and party ourselves!

Chandler: Oh-no, y’know with Gandolf we’d be out all night!

Ross: Yeah! We’d meet, we’d meet total strangers, and hang out with them!

Joey: Well, we could do that!

Ross: There’s other stuff too.

Joey: We’ll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!

Ross: Yeah!

Joey: Yeah!

Ross: Yeah!!

Joey: Yeah!!

Ross: It’s not like we don’t know how to party!!

Joey: Yeah! All right? Let’s go!

Chandler: And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again?

Joey and Ross: Yeah!!!

Chandler: All right!!

Ross: (to Chandler) Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?

Chandler: Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?

Ross: Yeah.

Chandler: Well, those were seals, man.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is entering, excited.]

Rachel: Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?

Monica: Okay, the owner of Allesandro’s came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!

Rachel: Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I’m soo happy!

Monica: Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!

Rachel: Ohh, you’ve waited soo long.

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hey, Pheebs, quick question for ya.

Phoebe: Yeah.

Rachel: How do you think this suit would look on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale’s?

Phoebe: I don’t know, it would totally depend on her coloring and… (realizes) You got the job!!

Rachel: Yes!!!

Monica: You got the job?! Why didn’t you tell me?

Rachel: Ohh, it’s gonna be so great! I’m gonna get to help decide what we sell, I’m gonna have an office with walls and everything. (turns to Monica) I’m gonna have walls!

Phoebe: Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.

Monica: Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. (Rachel excuses herself) Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.

Phoebe: But we’ve only had one job.

Monica: I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it’s snowballing, y’know?

Phoebe: Yeah! What are you saying?

Monica: I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro’s.

Phoebe: What?

Monica: It’s okay, ‘cause y'know what? You don’t really need me for the business.

Phoebe: You’re the cook! With out you it’s just me driving up to people’s houses with empty trays and asking for money!

Monica: All right. But umm, I-I-I’ll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.

Phoebe: For what? I can’t believe this! I gotta get out of here. (leaves)

Monica: Phoebe, wait a minute! (runs after her, leaving Rachel alone)

Rachel: I’m an assistant buyer!!

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Ross, and Chandler are making a pit stop on their party tour.]

Joey: All right, so we’ll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we’ll head back out.

Chandler: Yeah, all right.

Ross: Okay.

Joey: So, we’re having fun, right?

Chandler and Ross: Yeah.

Joey: We don’t need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we’ll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.

Ross: I’m kinda beat.

Chandler: Actually, me too.

Joey: Are you serious?!

Chandler and Ross: Yeah.

Joey: Thank God! I’m exhausted!

Gunther: So you guys want coffees?

Joey: Yeah, but uh, I don’t want to be up too late, so uh, I’ll have a decaf.

Ross: Yeah, me too.

Chandler: Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?

Joey: I can’t hear a word you’re saying, my ears are ringing so bad.

Ross: I’m just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y’know? I used them as mittens, I didn’t want to touch a thing in that last place.

(pause)

Ross: How sad are we?

Joey: Yeah, I know.

Chandler: Y’know what? We’re not sad, we’re not sad, we’re just not 21 anymore. Y’know? I’m 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!

Joey and Ross: Yeah!

Joey: Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.

Chandler and Ross: Yeah!

Ross: And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!

Joey: We’re 29, we’re not women.

[Scene: Central Perk, the next day, Phoebe is there.]

Monica: (entering) Ohh, here you are. Y’know, I’m-I’m glad you decided to hear me out.

Phoebe: Okay, I’m hearing.

Monica: I’ve been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.

Phoebe: What?!

Monica: Or! A bakery delivery person.

Phoebe: I wa-I wa-I wa…

Monica: Pizza?!

Phoebe: Monica!

Monica: All right, I’ve got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I’m getting the feeling that you don’t want to deliver.

Phoebe: No.

Monica: Okay. I’m guessing that if you don’t want to deliver, you probably don’t want to pick stuff up either.

Phoebe: No.

Monica: Y’know what, let’s do the catering business.

Phoebe: Really?! Are you sure?

Monica: Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y’know what, it’d be, it’d be fun.

Phoebe: Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let’s plan the wedding reception. (She grabs the notebook which Monica used for her ideas and starts flipping page after page after page after page after page to find a blank one.) Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. (pause) Y’know what, I want you to take the chef job.

Monica: Really?!

Phoebe: Yeah. That’s what you really want. Yeah, I don’t want to be the reason you’re unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don’t want to be the reason I’m unhappy.

Monica: Thank you.

Phoebe: Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.

[Scene: Rachel’s office, she is coming in for the day carrying a picture for her new office. Mrs. Lynch is coming out of Joanna’s office, carrying a box.]

Rachel: Oh, hi Mrs. Lynch! Is Joanna in already?

Mrs. Lynch: Oh my goodness! You haven’t heard!

Rachel: Heard what?

Mrs. Lynch: Joanna passed away last night.

Rachel: Oh my God! How?!

Mrs. Lynch: Well, she was leaving work and she was hit by a cab.

Rachel: Oh my God! Oh, I cannot believe it!

Mrs. Lynch: I know!

Rachel: Oh, God. Oh, God. (gets worried) Oh God.

Mrs. Lynch: I didn’t realize that she was so close.

Rachel: Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before… it happened.

Mrs. Lynch: No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.

Rachel: Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she’d still be with us—nothing about an assistant buyer?

Mrs. Lynch: (starting to cry) No, I’m sorry. I have to go. (She leaves as Sophie arrives.)

Sophie: (happily) Good morning!

Rachel: Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn’t hear about Joanna…

Sophie: I sure did! (smiles)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica’s new kitchen, Allesandro is introducing her to her new employees.]

Allesandro: I’m so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it’s like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we’re gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.

Monica:  Umm, I just wanna say, uh (reads from a 3 X 5 card) that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... (Looks up and sees eveyone glaring at her) Are you gonna kill me?
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe: Hey!

Ross: I’m sorry I’m late, did I miss anything?

Phoebe: Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth. (Joey, with an obvious mouth full, nods yes.)

Ross: 15? (Joey nods again) Your personal best! (Ross takes an Oreo and Joey mumbles, no!)

Phoebe: Where were you?

Ross: Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.

(simultaneously)

Chandler: Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?

Phoebe: Oh, which museum?

Phoebe: (just Phoebe) No, answer his.

Ross: Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she’d have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.

Chandler: Were you so late because you were burring this woman?

Ross: No, I’m getting back down ‘cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she’s like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.

Chandler: How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they all look at him) That joke would’ve killed in Albany.

Joey: Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.]

Chandler: Hey, look at this! (Holding a newspaper) They’re lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.

Phoebe: Umm, that paper’s two weeks old.

Chandler: All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can’t believe I missed it.

Rachel: Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it’ll be Valentine’s Day, then my birthday, then bang!—before you know it, they’re lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! (hearing this, Gunther moves in) Y’know, I want a man!! (Gunther leaves depressed) I mean, it doesn’t even have to be a big relationship, y’know, just like a fling would be great.

Chandler: Really?! I didn’t think girls ever just wanted a fling.

Rachel: Well, believe me, it’s been a long time since I’ve been flung.

Joey: Well, I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.

Chandler: Y’know what? There’s some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?

Rachel: Yeah! Wait a minute, it’s been a long time that I’ve been single. How come you never offered this before?

Chandler: Well, I have a girlfriend, I’m-I’m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.

Rachel: Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don’t like guys with boring jobs.

Chandler: Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?

(Monica enters)

All: Hey!

Phoebe: What’s wrong Mon?

Monica: Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.

Phoebe: Oh.

Monica: I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this (puts on her chef hat) on my chef’s hat. (The hat says ‘Quit, bitch’)

Phoebe: Hey, maybe they meant to write, ‘Quiet, bitch.’

Rachel: Hey, honey! What’s the matter? (Monica shows her, her hat.) Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!

Monica: I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me. (Joey laughs and Monica glares at him.)

Joey: Ohhh!

Monica: I mean they’re trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I’ve been waiting for my whole life.

Rachel: Well, wait a minute, you’re the boss! Why don’t you just yell at them? Or, fire them?

Monica: I would love too, but I can’t! I mean I just can’t, you know that I’m not good at confrontation.

Chandler: Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who’s boss.

Joey: Hey, Mon! I’m not doing anything, why don’t you fire me?

Monica: That’s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?

Joey: Good enough to get fired.

Monica: All right, you’re hired!

Joey: Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?

Chandler: (he glares at him for a while) Yes.

[Scene: Chandler’s office, he is trying to find Rachel a date.]

Chandler: I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him) Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’m-I’m not gay, I’m not asking you out. I’m not-I’m not-I’m not gay!

Drew: I didn’t think you were gay. I do now.

Chandler: See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.

Drew: Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, I’m not looking for any thing serious.

Chandler: Oh, y’know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.

Mike: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Is this, hot Rachel, that you took to the Christmas party, Rachel?

Chandler: (to Drew) Oh, by the way, that is her full name.

Mike: Oh wow! I’m free for her!

Drew: Oh, wait a second! I didn’t say I wasn’t free!

Mike: Hey, Chandler, why don’t we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?

Drew: Hold on, y’know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?

Chandler: Oh well, that’s uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!

Mike: Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.

Chandler: Well, I don’t really know what that is, but let’s!!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is working on a new song.]

Phoebe: Hey! You guys, I’m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?

Monica, Rachel, and Joey: Yes!

Phoebe: (singing) Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!

Rachel: Pheebs, that’s great!

Phoebe: Oh, yay!

Rachel: But y’know umm, Rachel doesn’t rhyme with draddle.

Phoebe: I know but it’s so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!

Joey: What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.

Phoebe: All good, thanks. (to Rachel) Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that’s easier to rhyme?

Monica: Didn’t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?

Rachel: Oh yeah!

Phoebe: Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?

Chandler: (entering) Hello, children!

All: Hey!

Chandler: (to Rachel) Have I got the 50 guys for you!

Rachel: Really?!

Chandler: Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying me drinks! They’re giving me stuff! (to Joey) Knicks tonight?

Joey: Sure! Where are the seats?

Chandler: Wherever! I’ve got like 20!

Rachel: So, will I like any of these guys?

Chandler: Y’know what, I’m gonna uh, play the field just a little more.

Rachel: Chandler!

Chandler: Guys are signing over their 401-K’s to me?

Phoebe: (shocked) You work with robots!!

Chandler: (pause) Yes. (to Rachel) Okay, there’s this one guy, Patrick, I think you’re gonna like him, he’s really nice, he’s funny, he’s a swimmer.

Rachel: Ohh, I like swimmer’s bodies!

Chandler: Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.

Rachel: Op, I like credit cards!

Chandler: See, I’m not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?

Rachel: Well, so what does he do?

Chandler: Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.

Rachel: Your company has a fine foods division?

Chandler: It’s a big company, I don’t—if you—I…

Joey: Now, wait a second! You make food and robots?

Phoebe: No! No, the robots just work for them.

Monica: (getting up) All right, I’m gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?

Joey: Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!

Monica: You want a problem? I’ll give you a problem!

Joey: Oh, what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?

Monica: You bet your ass, I’m gonna fire you! Thank you.

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Phoebe, and Chandler are there.]

Ross: Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.

Chandler: Oh yeah! With who?

Ross: You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?

Chandler: Yeah.

Ross: Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them. Y’know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she’s a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y’know she’s, well she’s-she’s just as pretty, I guess she’s smart, she’s not fun.

Phoebe: If she’s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?

Ross: Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y’know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was—if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn’t kidding, she’s not fun, she’s stupid, and kind of a racist.

Joey: (entering) Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Chandler: Hey, man!

Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?

Joey: (checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)

[Scene: Allesandro’s, Monica is cooking.]

Joey: (entering from the dining room) Hey.

Monica: Hey.

Joey: Hey, what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)

Monica: They baked it. I can’t take this anymore. I’m gonna call a meeting tonight, I’m gonna fire you tonight.

Joey: You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot, which just happens to be over her breast.)

Monica: What are you doing?!

Joey: It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.

Monica: Thanks. (Joey’s still patting the burn spot) I think you got it!

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is there.]

Rachel: (entering) Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!

Chandler: Well, like father, like son.

Rachel: Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.

Chandler: Really?! I-I thought you weren’t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.

Rachel: Well, y'know, possibly. (pause) You didn’t tell him that, though? Right?

Chandler: Ummmmmmmm, no.

Rachel: You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don’t tell the guy that!

Chandler: Why not?! I’d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get—oh I see.

Rachel: Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date—oh, he’s so gonna get the wrong idea.

[Scene: Allesandro’s, Joey is eating some cheese.]

Monica: Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?

Joey: Yeah. Listen uh, I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here, I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work nickname.

A Waiter: (entering) Hey, dragon! Here’s your tips from Monday and Tuesday. (hands him two envelopes)

Joey: (opening an envelope) There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!

The Waiter: Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.

Monica: Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag—Why is nobody writing these down?

The Waiter: Because we can remember them.

Monica: Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?

The Waiter: Well, sure, that too.

Monica: Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here’s the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, (quietly) tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere…

The Waiter: Can’t hear you!

Monica: (louder) A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. (She holds her hand over her head as an afterthought.) From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! (Joey looks at the money he’s holding, and doesn’t speak up.) Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!

Joey: No ma’am.

The Waiter: Hey! He has a name, it’s Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. (to another waiter) We did the hat right? (The other waiter nods yes.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Allesandro’s, continued from earlier. The other waiters are gone and Monica is confronting Joey about his not speaking up.]

Monica: What the hell happened?!

Joey: I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… (tries to do the math in his head, but can’t) 327 + 238 dollars!"

Monica: Joey, we had a deal. That-that’s why you’re here! I’ve got to fire you!

Joey: And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don’t fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.

Monica: What kinda things have you been saying?

Joey: Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is working on her holiday song, Chandler is sitting on the couch reading a magazine, and Ross is sleeping on the couch.]

Phoebe: (singing) Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merry…

Chandler: (interrupting) Oh, y’know, y’know what Pheebs?

Phoebe: What?

Chandler: I’m not Jewish, so…

Phoebe: So! Ross doesn’t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don’t hear him complaining do you? God! (Phoebe hits her guitar which wakes up Ross with a start.)

Chandler: Bad dream?

Ross: I wasn’t sleeping.

Chandler: Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe’s song about?

Ross: The one with the cat. I gotta go, I’ve got another date.

Phoebe: So, did you pick one yet?

Ross: No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought—it wasn’t that funny. So I’m still torn.

Phoebe: Well look, you don’t really like the one from uptown and you’re too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you’re done!

Ross: Y’know, you’re right. Thank you.

Phoebe: Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.

Chandler: Prague?

Phoebe: There’s sooo much you don’t know.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is playing living room golf as Rachel enters. Rachel sees this and holds the door open until Chandler is ready to start his swing, when he is, she slams the door shut which causes the club to fly from his hands. He turns around, shocked.]

Rachel: Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?

Chandler: I did! I absolutely did!

Rachel: You idiot!!

Chandler: I’m sure you’re right, but why?

Rachel: You don’t tell a guy that you’re looking for a serious relationship! You don’t tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!

Chandler: Oh, man. I’m sorry, I’m so-so sorry.

Rachel: Y’know, you should never be allowed to talk to people!

Chandler: I know! I know!

Rachel: Oh! See just I’m right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks! (She sits down heavily in one of the new chairs)

Chandler: Well, y’know, you’re-you’re gonna meet somebody! You’re a great catch! Y’know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn’t have to lie once. (He sits down on the arm of her chair)

Rachel: Really?

Chandler: Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?

Rachel: No.

Chandler: Oh, it doesn’t matter. (Kisses her on the top of her head.) Hey, y’know what, I’ve got two tickets to tonight’s Rangers game, you wanna come with me?

Rachel: Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.

Chandler: Well, actually it’s a hockey team, so it’s angry Canadians with no teeth.

Rachel: Well that sounds fun too. (They hug.)

(pause)

Chandler: Have you ever been with a woman?

Rachel: What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!

Chandler: So there is no good time to ask that question.

[Scene: A train to Poughkeepsie, Ross is asleep against the window.]

The Conductor: The next station is Poughkeepsie. Poughkeepsie!

The Woman From Poughkeepsie: (outside Ross’s window) Ross? Ross! (she knocks on the window) Wake up! Ross! (the train starts moving) Ross! Ross!! Ross!!! Ross!!!!

[Scene: Allesandro’s, Monica is cooking.]

Monica: I need more swordfish. (to one of the assistant chefs) Can you get me some more swordfish?

Kitchen Worker: I don’t speak English.

Monica: You did a minute ago!

Kitchen Worker: Well, I don’t know what to tell ya!

Monica: Fine!

(She goes into the freezer to get it herself, and leaves the door open. The waiter from earlier comes by and closes the door.)

Monica: Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I’m cold! (She spills something.) And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out! (the door opens)

The Waiter: You found that handle, did ya?

Monica: That’s not funny.

The Waiter: Well that’s not true.

Monica: (starting to cry) I’m a good person. And I’m a good chef, and I don’t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y’know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is…

Joey: (interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!

Monica: You do?

Joey: You bet I do! I just ah, wasn’t listening then, that’s all.

Monica: Well if you want a problem? I’ll give you a problem!

Joey: What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?

Monica: You bet your ass I’m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! (Joey leaves) All right! Anybody else got a problem? How ‘bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?

The Waiter: No.

Monica: How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it’s funny now?

The Waiter: No, it’s really good.

Monica: Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, (to the kitchen worker from earlier) And you! Get the swordfish! (to another assistant chef) And you! Get a haircut!

[Scene: The train, it’s pulling into a station.]

The Conductor: Last stop, Montreal. This stop is Montreal.

Ross: (waking up) What? (notices that there is now a beautiful woman sitting next to him)

Woman On Train: I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that I see them, I win.

Ross: What?

Woman On Train: We’re at my stop. But would you like to have coffee?

Ross: (now fully awake) Are we really in Montreal?!

Woman On Train: Yes we are. So, coffee?

Ross: Coffee sounds great. (They get up) Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?

Woman On Train: Oh, no. But it’s just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.

[Scene: Allesandro’s, Joey is coming back in with his coat on.]

Joey: Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!

Monica: Thanks.

Joey: Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.

Monica: Enough!

Joey: (leaving) Lean-lean-lean!

Closing Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing her holiday song.]

Phoebe: (singing) "Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap.
                                Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap.
                                Said all you need is to write them a song.
                                They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along.
                                No, don't sing along.

                                Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah.
                                Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross.
                                And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!
                                And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"

Happy holidays, everybody!
[Scene: Central Perk, Frank and Alice are there talking with Phoebe.]

Phoebe: Oh my God! I can’t believe my little brother is married!

Frank: Oh I know!! (Both he and Alice squeal hysterically)

Phoebe: You guys, why didn’t you tell me you were eloping?

Frank: ‘Cause it just sorta happened, y’know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch…

Phoebe: Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?

Frank: We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we’re here, having lunch let’s get married!

Phoebe: Wow, a year and a half ago I didn’t even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. (They all hug, and Frank and Alice start kissing.) Okay. Okay. Stop it, don’t. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?

Frank: Uhh, yeah.

Alice: We’ve been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we’d get a jump on things, y’know no one’s getting any younger.

Frank: See the thing is umm, we’re not able to y’know, uh, conceive.

Alice: And we’ve tried everything, we’ve seen a bunch of doctors.

Frank: Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.

Phoebe: (shocked) That’s a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are trying to throw cards into a vase.]

Joey: (entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! (He’s wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.

Chandler: I don’t know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.

(The gang is stunned.)

Ross: What?

Chandler: Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.

Rachel: But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?

Chandler: Well, you-you know what I meant.

Monica: No, you messed it up. You’re stupid.

Chandler: So what job did you get Joe?

Joey: Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.

Rachel: Well, how can you be a tour guide, don’t you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?

Joey: No, not really. They give you all the information, it’s uh, it’s like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.

Chandler, Monica, and Rachel:  Great!! That’s great!

Ross: Uh actually Joey, it’s the Cretasous period.

Joey: Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!!

All: Hey!

Phoebe: Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!

All: Oh my God!!

Phoebe: And! And, they’re gonna have a baby! (The gang is shocked.) And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus. (The gang is stunned into silence.)

Ross: My God!

Monica: Are you serious?

Phoebe: Yeah

Joey: You’re really thinking about having sex with your brother?!

Phoebe: Ewww! And "Oh no!" It’s—they just want me to be the surrogate. It’s her-it’s her egg and her sperm, and I’m-I’m just the oven, it’s totally their bun.

Joey: Huh.

Monica: What did you tell them?

Phoebe: Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I’m gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.

Chandler: You’re gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?

Rachel: Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.

Monica: Yeah, like you’re gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.

Phoebe: I know!

Ross: Pheebs, you’re talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it’s all for somebody else!

Phoebe: Yeah, what’s your point?

Ross: Well, the stuff I just mentioned.

Rachel: Wow! I don’t know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a…keeper.

Phoebe: Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.

Joey: No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we’ll be supportive like crazy.

All: Yeah.

Monica: We just want you to think it through.

Rachel: Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who’s had a baby. Like your mom?

Phoebe: My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Kathy are kissing.]

Kathy: Umm, (moves her hand’s down to his butt) I love this touchy. Can I take it to work with me?

Chandler: Oh, yeah, sure, it’s not mine anyway. It can with the pants.

Kathy: Oh! (They kiss and she leaves)

Monica: I am so jealous.

Rachel: You guys are really right…there aren’t you?

Chandler: Yes. Right where?

Monica: In the beginning where y’know it’s all sex and talking and sex and talking and…

Chandler: Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.

Monica: And the sex?

Chandler: All right, we haven’t had sex yet. Okay, what’s the big deal? Y’know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.

Rachel: Oh, Chandler that is so nice.

Ross: That is really nice…lying! No way is that the reason!

Rachel: Why? Just because you’re not mature enough to understand something like that?!

Chandler: No, he’s right, I’m totally lying.

(Ross makes an "I was right, and you weren’t face." And Rachel does Ross’s little I’m-flicking-you-off-but-I’m-not-giving-you-the-finger banging of the fists.)

Monica: Then what is it?

Chandler: Well, Kathy’s last boyfriend was Joey.

Ross: And you’re afraid you won’t be able to…fill his shoes.

Chandler: No, I’m afraid I won’t be able to make love as well as him.

Ross: Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.

Chandler: Yes, and I was saying the actual words.

Monica: So big deal, so Joey’s had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn’t mean he’s great in bed.

Chandler: We share a wall! So either he’s great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.

Monica: Sweetie, with you it’s gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, ‘cause you-you guys are in love.

Chandler: Yeah?

Rachel: Yeah!

Ross: Just go for it Chandler.

Monica: Yeah, you should.

Rachel: Yeah, you should, really.

Monica: Go on.

Chandler: All right, all right, I’ll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I’m just doing it for you guys.

[Scene: The museum, Joey is giving a tour to a bunch of school kids.]

Joey: Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.

Smart Kid: Isn’t the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?

Joey: Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave ‘Hi’ to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. (Ross does the old "Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.") Okay, moving right along. Come on.

[Scene: Phoebe Sr.’s house, there’s a knock on the door.]

Phoebe Sr: It’s open! Come in!

Phoebe: Hi!

Phoebe Sr: Hi!

Phoebe: I’m sorry, I’m late.

Phoebe Sr: Oh, that’s okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.

Phoebe: Wow! You really go all out when you’re expecting company.

Phoebe Sr: No, I was working on my pottery.

Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn’t know that you did…pot.

Phoebe Sr: Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.

Phoebe: Ooh, erotiery!

Phoebe Sr: Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y’know…

Phoebe: Okay.

Phoebe Sr: I really don’t think it’s a very good idea, Phoebe.

Phoebe: Why not?

Phoebe Sr: Well, because you’d be giving up a baby, and I-I really don’t—I don’t know if there’s anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm, (Picks up a puppy in the box next to the couch.)

Phoebe: Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don’t-don’t hurt the puppy.

Phoebe Sr: No-no-no, the-the puppy’s yours.

Phoebe: Oh, I get a puppy!!

Phoebe Sr: Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.

Phoebe: Why?

Phoebe Sr: I realise I don’t have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, (Sees that Phoebe isn’t paying attention and is busy mimicking the puppy.) uhh… Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it’s very important.

Phoebe: Okay.

Phoebe Sr: I mean, I know what I’m talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. (Phoebe is playing with the puppy again, and not listening) I really shouldn’t have given you the puppy first.

Phoebe: All right, I’m sorry.

[Scene: The museum’s worker cafeteria, Joey is eating lunch with the rest of the tour guides. Another tour guide tries to sit down in a seat Joey saved for Ross.]

Joey: Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I’m-I’m saving this for my friend Ross.

Tour Guide: You mean Dr. Geller?

Joey: Doctor? Wow! I didn’t know he had a nickname.

Tour Guide: Oh, he won’t sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, (Points to there table) and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.

Joey: Well, how-how come?

Tour Guide: That’s just the way it is.

Joey: That’s crazy.

Tour Guide: Maybe it’s crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now…(Turns around) Peter! Hey, Peter! It’s me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin’ which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! (to Joey) See, he pretend he don’t even here me!

Joey: I-I think everybody’s pretending they don’t hear you. Anyway, look, I don’t know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I’m telling you, he will sit in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.

Ross: That’s okay, I’m cool over here. I’ll catch up with you later, Joey. (Joey is shocked.)

(Another woman enters without a coat or blazer and tries to sit at the ‘blue’ table.)

Tour Guide: Op, this is saved. (Joey wonders why) Gift shop.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is eating dinner, Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]

Ross: (entering) Hey, uh, I’m really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.

Joey: It’s no big deal. Hey, y’know, you do what you gotta do. Right?

Ross: But hey, it’s not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.

Joey: Whatever.

Ross: It’s like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?

Monica: I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.

Joey: Look, Ross, really it’s-it’s no big deal. Y’know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can’t be friends at work, then so be it. Y’know, hey I understand. Y’know? Hey, when I’m in a play and you’re in the audience, I don’t talk to you, right? So it’s y’know, it’s uh, it’s cool. I’ll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)

Rachel: Yeah, when we’re in the audience he doesn’t talk to us, but he does wave.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Phoebe is there with her puppy and is trying to sing it to sleep as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hi.

Monica: Hey!

Chandler: Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?

Phoebe: Ooh, y’know what, I think it’s time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let’s go to the balcony.

Monica: What?!

Phoebe: Umm, the street. Come on, let’s go to the street. Ooh, listen, don’t go onto the balcony until after I get back. (Leaves)

Monica: (to Chandler) So, did you do it?

Chandler: Yes, yes, we had the sex.

Monica: Uh-oh, it was bad?

Chandler: It was fine, y’know? But she didn’t agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I’m all right with it."

Monica: Well, it was the first time. Y’know, there’s not always a lot of agreement the first time.

Rachel: Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree (snaps her fingers) like that.

Chandler: Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y’know, I know where everything goes, it’s always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody’s killing her in there!"

Monica: All right, I’m gonna show you something a lot of guys don’t know. Rach, give me that pad, please? (She does so and Monica starts drawing on it) All right. Now…

Chandler: Look, you don’t have to draw an actual wo—whoa! She’s hot!

Monica: Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there’s more than three), five, six, and seven!

Chandler: (shocked) There are seven?!

Rachel: Let me see that. (Monica shows her) Oh, yeah.

Chandler: (Points to one) That’s one?

Monica: It’s kind of an important one!

Chandler: Oh, y’know-y’know what, I was looking at it upside down.

Rachel: Well, y’know, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that could’ve meant.)

Monica: (continuing) Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.

Chandler: That-that’s bad?

Rachel: Well if you go to Disneyland, you don’t spend the whole day on the Materhorn.

Chandler: Well you might if it were anything like 7!

Monica: All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit ‘em all, and you mix ‘em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.

Rachel: Oo, toes!! Well, for some people. (Chandler eyes her and her toes.)

Monica: All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, …7..…7…7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7…(mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.)

[Scene: The museum cafeteria, Joey is eating with the tour guides as Ross enters.]

Older Scientist: Dr. Geller, there’s a seat over here. (Motions to an empty chair at the ‘white’ table.)

Ross: Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I’m having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I’m having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he’ll sit with me.

Joey: (standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)

Ross: Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y’know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. (He takes off his coat and throws it down.) I’m Ross! I’m divorced, and I have a kid!

Joey: (stands up, and throws his coat on the floor) I’m Joey! I’m an actor! I don’t know squat about dinosaurs!

Another Tour Guide: (standing up and removing his coat) I’m Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.

Ross: All right, there you go!

Joey: Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!

Older Scientist: I’m Andrew, and I didn’t pay for this pear.

Ross: Okay, good-good for you.

Tour Guide: I’m Rhonda, (motions to her breasts) and these aren’t real! (Joey and Ross look at each other, shocked)

Ross: Wow, Rhonda.

Another Scientist: I’m Scott.

Ross: Yeah, okay, Scott!

Another Scientist: And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, with the puppy, Monica, and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]

Phoebe: My mom’s gonna be here any minute. I can’t do this, I can’t give him up. Yes—no, I can. I don’t want to. But I can. No.

Rachel: Oo, I can’t watch this, it’s like Sophie’s Choice.

Monica: Y’know, I never saw that.

Rachel: Ooh, it was only okay.

Phoebe: Ooh, I can’t do this. My mom was right. If I can’t-if I can’t give him up, then there’s no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give ‘em—a kidney!

Alice: (entering with Frank) Hi!

Frank: Hi!

Alice: Uhh, we were just in the neighbourhood, so…

Frank: Yeah, so we just thought we’d stop by and let you know there’s still no pressure.

Alice: None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, we’re just gonna be right over there (points to the counter) having coffee.

Phoebe: Okay.

Frank: (noticing the puppy) Oh, who’s this little guy?! (Grabs the puppy)

Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Umm!

Frank: Oh, he’s so cute, he reminds me of my old dog, Tumour.

Alice: You are so precious, I could just take you home.

Phoebe: Hey, why don’t you?

Frank: Are you serious?

Phoebe: Uh-huh, yeah!

Frank: Oh, thanks.

Monica: What are you doing?

Phoebe: No, I’m really okay with this. Y’know why? ‘Cause look at them, and I made that, so… I know it’s gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it’s gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. (To Frank and Alice) I wanna carry your baby.

Alice: (shocked) Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You don’t know what this means to us! Oh!

Frank: Oh my God, I think I’m gonna cry!

Monica: It’s gonna be so great.

Phoebe Sr: (entering) Hi! What’s going on?

Phoebe: Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I’m gonna carry their baby.

Phoebe Sr: But Phoebe…

Phoebe: No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.

Phoebe Sr: Oh, I-I-I understand all that, but it’s just—that was my puppy.

Phoebe: Oh!

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are sitting at the table.]

Monica: Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?

Rachel: It depends on who asked.

Monica: What if I asked?

Rachel: Oh, Mon, sure.

Monica: Really?

Rachel: Yes. (Pause) You’re not asking are you?

Monica: No.

Rachel: Yes! Totally!

(Kathy runs in, hair all out of place, and hugs Monica.)

Kathy: Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you! (Runs back to Chandler)


[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, it’s 0-Dark:30, in other words it’s really, really early. Everyone’s asleep, and all through the apartments not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse. That is except for the chick, who turns out to be a rooster and is crowing in the sun. Needless to say, this awakens Monica and Rachel who rush into their living room, searching for the cause of the sound.]

Rachel: What the hell is that?!! (to Monica) What the hell is that? Is that you? (Monica nods her head no, and Rachel realizes what is making that sound.) Ohhhhhhh! (storms over to Chandler and Joey’s with Monica in trail.)

Monica: Boy, you are really not a morning person.

Rachel: (angrily) BACK OFF!!! (She starts banging on their door.) Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!!

(Chandler opens the door, finally.)

Rachel: What is that noise?

Chandler: You!

Joey: It’s the chick! She’s…going through some changes.

Monica: What kind of changes?

Chandler: Well the vet seems to think that’s she’s becoming a rooster. (The rooster crows.) We’re getting a second opinion.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, it’s later that morning, everybody has gotten up and Ross and Phoebe has joined them for breakfast. Rachel is returning from shopping.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Ross: Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?

Rachel: Well, I’ve been up since six. Thanks to somebody’s dumb-ass rooster.

Phoebe: You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn’t be living in an apartment.

Rachel: Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around…

Phoebe: All right. I’m gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I’m ready to have Frank and Alice’s embryo transferred into my uterus.

Ross: Now, how will they know if you’re ready?

Phoebe: Oh, they’re just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.

Chandler: Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.

Phoebe: Okay everyone, think thick.

All: Good-bye! Good luck! (She opens the door to reveal Monica and Joey.)

Phoebe: Hi! Wish me luck!

Monica: Oh, good luck.

Joey: Good luck. (to Monica) And I’m still right!

Monica: That is sooo not true!

Rachel: What?

Joey: She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants.

Chandler: I can check that for ya.

Monica: I just—I can’t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.

Chandler: Well… we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.

Joey: Yeah, what’s that about?

Chandler: (to Rachel) And you… Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel’s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.

Ross: (He does so, and finds a half-eaten box of cookies.) You’re good. (Tries a cookie.) These are not.

Rachel: I’m so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.

Monica: Yeah.

Joey: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?

Ross: Five.

Chandler: Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.

Rachel: How many guesses do you get?

Joey: Six.

Ross: Challenge extended.

Monica: Deal!

Ross: Challenge excepted.

Joey: All right, we’ll start with…apples.

Ross: We’ll be starting with apples.

Chandler: (to Ross) Stop that now!

(Ross reveals a bag of apples.)

Chandler: Yes!

Joey: Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.

Chandler: Diet soda.

Ross: Yes. Yes. Yes. (They’re perfect so far.)

Chandler: Orange juice.

Rachel: No! There’s no orange juice in there! We win!!

Monica: Ha-ha!

Ross: They have another guess.

Rachel: Okay, well, we won that one.

Joey: Okay, the last thing…

Chandler: Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! (Whispers something in Joey’s ear.)

Joey: No-no, not for like another two weeks.

Chandler: I got it! Scotch… tape. (They’re right.)

Ross: How did you know she would buy scotch tape?

Chandler: Well, we used there’s up last night making scary faces.

Monica: Aww, man!

Chandler: All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.

Monica: That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.

Rachel: Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.

Monica: Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.

Joey: Serious?

Monica: Are you scared?

Joey: No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?

Monica: Ross will do it.

Ross: Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It’s not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.

Rachel: Fine! We’ll ask Phoebe.

Ross: No-no-no, I-I wanna play.

[Scene: The Doctor’s office, Dr. Zane is examining Phoebe as Frank and Alice watch.]

Dr. Zane: It looks like your uterus is ready for implantation.

Phoebe: Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.

Frank: Well, okay, so what’s now—go get, go get the eggs, put ‘em in there.

Dr. Zane: Okay, it’ll take just a little while to prepare the embryos.

Phoebe: Embryossss? As in, "More than one?"

Dr. Zane: Um-hmm, five actually.

Phoebe: Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?

Dr. Zane: We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.

Phoebe: That’s it! 25 percent? That means that’s it’s like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!

Frank: Hey, y’know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?

Alice: Sweety, now, she’s a woman, not a gumball machine.

Phoebe: Okay, well y’know what, don’t worry you guys, ‘cause I’m-I’m gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.

Frank: Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.

Alice: Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we’re kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.

Phoebe: Whoa!! That—okay, that’s a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. (to Dr. Zane) So, well okay, so is there—is maybe is there something that I can do y’know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?

Dr. Zane: No, I’m sorry.

Phoebe: Wow! You guys really don’t know anything!

Frank: I know! Why don’t you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the game is about to begin.]

Monica: You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?

Joey: Huh.

Rachel: I know! I know, it’s such a huge, life-altering thing.

Joey: I know.

(They all pause and think about it.)

Ross: The test is ready.

All: Yeah! Yes! (They all right into the living room, all excited.)

Ross: Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It’s All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. (He flips the coin and they all watch it hit the table and stop. Then they all look up at him, to see who goes first.) Okay, somebody call it this time.

All: Oh yeah!

(Ross flips the coin again.)

Rachel: Tails!

Ross: It’s heads. (The guys celebrate.) Gentlemen, pick your category.

Chandler: Fears and Pet Peeves.

Ross: What is Monica’s biggest pet peeve?

Joey: Animals dressed as humans.

Ross: That’s correct. Ladies?

Monica: Same category?

Ross: According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?

Monica: Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!

Ross: That is correct.

Joey: (to Chandler) The Irish gig guy?!

Chandler: His legs flail about as if independent of his body!

Ross: Gentlemen, you’re pick.

Joey: It’s All Relative.

Ross: Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!

Joey: (to Chandler) Nana?

Chandler: She has a real name.

Joey: (answering the question) Althea!

Chandler: Althea?! What are you doing?!

Joey: I took a shot.

Chandler: You're shooting with Althea?!

Ross: Althea is correct.

Chandler: Nice shooting!

(Ross motions for the girls to pick.)

Rachel: We’ll take Literature!!

Ross: Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey’s apartment. What name appears on the address label?

Rachel: Chandler gets it! It’s Chandler Bing!

Monica: No!!

Ross: I’m afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.

Monica: I knew that! Rachel! Use you’re head!

Chandler: Actually, it’s Miss Chinandolor Bong.

[Scene: The Doctor’s office, Phoebe is giving a pep talk to the petrie dish containing the embryos.]

Phoebe: Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I’m-I’m Phoebe Buffay, hi! I’m-I’m-I’m hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we’re doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you’ve been there! Umm, y’know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I’ll keep you safe and warm until you’re ready to have them take you home, so… Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I’m screaming, don’t worry, that’s what’s supposed to happen.

Dr. Zane: Ready?

Phoebe: Uh-huh. (To the embryos) Good luck.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the game is coming to a close.]

Ross: All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.

Rachel: (shouting) It’s All Relative!!

Ross: You don’t have to shout everything.

Rachel: (shouting) I’m sorry!

Ross: Ooh. What is the name of Chandler’s father’s Las Vegas all-male burlesque?

Monica: Viva Las Gaygas!

Chandler: Unfortunately that is correct.

The Girls: Yes!!

Ross: All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. (He opens up an envelope and holds up some note cards.) The Lightning Round!

All: Ohhhh.

Ross: Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.

Monica: You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.

Chandler: I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we’re gonna destroy you.

Monica: Huh, wanna bet?

Chandler: Well, I’m so confused as to what we’ve been doing so far…

Monica: How about we play for more money, say 150?

Ross: 150 dollars.

Chandler: Say 200?

Ross: 200 dollars.

Monica: You’re doing it again.

Ross: Excuse me.

Rachel: Monica, I don’t want to lose 200 dollars.

Monica: We won’t. (to Chandler) 300?

Rachel: Monica?!

Monica: I’m just trying to spice it up!

Rachel: Okay, so let’s play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!

Monica: I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?

Rachel: Oooohh that’s interesting.

Joey: Hey, no way, that rooster’s family!

Rachel: Throw in the duck too!

Joey: What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!

Rachel: Well, he gets the other one all riled up.

Joey: Look, we are not gonna…

Chandler: (interrupting) All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.

Joey: (shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)

Chandler: But if we win, we get your apartment.

Joey: Oooooh!

Monica: Deal!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, only slightly later.]

Rachel: Monica, betting the apartment, I don’t know about this.

Monica: Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. (Holds up her hand.)

Rachel: Why? Do you have the answers written on there?

Monica: No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.

Rachel: All right, let’s do it.

Monica: Come on!

Rachel: Okay. (They go into the living room.)

Ross: All right, gentlemen, you’re up first.

Joey: Okay.

Chandler: Okay. (Starts jumping around.)

Ross: You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins—stop it (Chandler stops jumping)—now. What was Monica’s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?

Joey: Big fat goalie.

Ross: Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie…

Chandler: Dangerous Liaisons.

Ross: Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...

Joey: Weekend at Bernie’s.

Ross: Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?

Chandler: Oh! (Whispers something in Joey’s ear and then in Ross’s ear.)

Ross: Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?

(They both confer.)

Joey: Everyday use.

Chandler: Fancy.

Joey: Guest.

Chandler: Fancy guest.

Ross: Two seconds…

Joey: Uhh, 11!

Ross: 11, unbelievable 11 is correct. (The guys celebrate.) All right, that’s 4 for the guys. Ladies, you’re up.

Rachel: All right!

Monica: Come on!

(As they change places, they give each other the now patented Ross maneuver. If you don’t know what that means, click here to find out The One With Joey's New Girlfriend.)

Ross: 30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins…now! What is Joey’s favorite food?

Monica: Sandwiches!

Ross: Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl’s breast?

Rachel: 14?

Ross: No, 19.

Chandler: Thanks man.

Ross: Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?

Monica: Maurice.

Ross: Correct, his profession was?

Rachel: Space cowboy!

Ross: Correct! What is Chandler Bing’s job?

(The girls are stumped)

Rachel: Oh gosh, it has something to do with numbers.

Monica: And processing.

Rachel: He carries a briefcase.

Ross: 10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.

Monica: It’s umm, it has something to do with transponding.

Rachel: Oh-oh-oh, he’s a transponce—transpondster!

Monica: That’s not even a word! I can get this! I can get this!

(Ross stops the clock, signifying the end of the lightning round.)

Monica: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!

Rachel: Oh my God.

Chandler and Joey: YEAH!!! YES!!!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Joey are carrying in the foosball table.]

Joey: I call Monica’s room!

Chandler: You can’t just call Monica’s room.

Joey: Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I’m sight of the room and I called it.

(Chandler grunts and turns around, sees that he’s in sight of the room, and mouths damn!)

Monica: Man, I feel like I’m coming down with something.

Joey: What?

Monica: Yeah. (to Chandler) I bet you can’t guess what color my tonsils are? I’ll bet the apartment!

Chandler: Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It’s too nice.

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey—ooh Pheebs, are they in there?

Phoebe: Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they’re implanted.

Monica: How do you feel?

Phoebe: Well, freaked. ‘Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice’s like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.

Chandler: Yeah, but I bet it works.

Monica: Really?! How much?!

Phoebe: All right, I’m gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.

Joey: Oh wow! You can tell this soon.

Phoebe: Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body’s always been a little faster than Western medicine.

Rachel: (entering from Chandler’s bedroom, I guess, and sees the foosball table.) Oh my God! I can’t believe you guys are actually think you’re moving in here!

Chandler: Well believe it baby!

Rachel: Well I-I-I’m not moving.

Joey: What?!

Rachel: No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!

Joey: You can’t just ignore the bet! It’s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!

Monica: Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would’ve made them get rid of the birds. Right?

Rachel: Noooo.

Monica: All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it’s all your fault.

Rachel: What?!

Monica: Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!

Chandler: I knew it!

Rachel: I don’t care, I’m not going anywhere.

Chandler: Cool, girl roommate.

(Phoebe comes in from the bathroom as Rachel sits down in disgust.)

Monica: Well?

Phoebe: Nope, not knocked up yet.

Monica: It’s only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.

Phoebe: Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I’m gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I’m just gonna y’know, lie it your chair, (She climbs into the chair and drapes her feet over the back of the chair.) Y'know? Yeah, good, I’m let gravity y’know, do its jobs.

[Cut too later, the moving process is progressing steadily. Monica is trying to lift a heavy box, as Rachel comes in from Chandler’s bedroom.]

Monica: Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?

Rachel: No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl’s apartment! That is a boy’s apartment, it’s dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It’s-it’s so pretty! And look, and it’s-it’s purple! And I’m telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand. (She holds out her hand, which is shaking uncontrollably.)

Monica: I’ll take care of it.

Rachel: That’s right! You do what the hand says!

[Cut to later, Phoebe is still in the chair and Rachel is laying down as Monica enters.]

Rachel: How did it go?

Monica: I lost our mattresses.

[Cut to still later, Rachel has now resigned herself to move and is now helping Monica. Phoebe is still on the chair.]

Phoebe: (singing) "Are you in there little fetus?
                             In nine will you come great us?
                             I will buy you some Adidas."

(There’s a knock on the door and Monica answers it.)

Monica: Hey!

Frank and Alice: (entering) Hi!

Alice: Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.

Phoebe: Oh. Oh.

Frank: Umm, it’s a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.

Monica: Hey, don’t mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.

Alice: So umm, you feel like taking a test? There’s only one question.

Phoebe: All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y’know just remember that it’s still really early, okay so, if it says that I’m not pregnant, that doesn’t mean that I’m not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don’t go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.

Alice: Okay.

Frank: Okay. (They both squeal in expectation.)

Phoebe: Great. (Goes to take the test.)

(The door opens and Joey and Chandler ride in on the big, fake dog in triumph)

Rachel: Y’know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!

Joey: Hey, don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!

Rachel: That is not true. She did! She forced me!

Monica: Hey, we would still be living here if hadn’t gotten the question wrong!

Rachel: Well it stupid, unfair question!

Ross: Don’t blame the questions!

Chandler: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!

Rachel: Will you stop calling it your apartment!

Joey: But it is our apartment!

Rachel: No it’s not!

(They all decay into massive bickering as Phoebe returns from the bathroom.)

Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You’re gonna have a baby! They’re gonna have a baby!

Frank: MY SISTER’S GONNA HAVE MY BABY!!!!!!!

(They all go over and hug Phoebe.)

Phoebe: Okay, but this can’t be good for the baby.

All: Oh! (They stop hugging her to let her out and resume the hug without her.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are busy unpacking.]

Monica: I can’t find garbage bags!

Rachel: Oh, I think I saw some in here.

(She opens a door and they both scream at horror at what’s inside of it.)

Monica: What is it?!

Rachel: I don’t know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it’ll die.

Monica: I can’t believe we’re living here!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, they’re both unpacked. The big ceramic dog has found a new home in front of the window. Joey screams and runs into the living room.]

Chandler: What?! What-what is it?!

Joey: Did you see the size of the closets?!

Chandler: I can’t believe we live here!

(They both sit down on the chairs and put up the foot rest.)

Chandler and Joey: Awwwww!! (They lean back all the way.) Awwwwwww!!!
[Scene: A Theatre, Chandler and Ross are there to watch the premiere of Kathy’s play.]

Chandler: Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!

Ross: People can hear you.

Chandler: I know!!

(The play starts.)

Chandler: Wow! She looks great. Doesn’t she?

Ross: Yeah.

(Onstage there’s a knock on the door and Kathy opens it. We don’t see what’s going on, only hear it.)

Kathy's Co-Star: Hi!

Kathy: Hi!

Ross: That is one good looking man!

Chandler: Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!

Kathy's Co-Star: Sooo, you’ve been doing this long?

Kathy: No, you’re my first. Put the money on the table.

(Ross and Chandler have stunned looks on their faces as Kathy and her co-star start making out.)

Kathy's Co-Star: Oh, yeah! Ooh, that’s nice. (They start making out harder.)

Ross: Dude!

Kathy's Co-Star: Is that an expensive blouse?

Kathy: If you want it to be.

(Kathy’s co-star rips her blouse off and buttons go flying into the audience, and one hits Ross. Chandler’s mouth is on the floor.)

Ross: Here’s your girlfriend’s button. (Holding the button.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica is still unpacking after the move, and Phoebe is their also.]

Phoebe: Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?

Monica: Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?

Phoebe: Well, it’s just that maternity clothes are so expensive.

(Rachel enters)

Monica: Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just…(Rachel grunts and throws her purse at it)…throw your purses at it.

Rachel: Bloomingdale’s eliminated my department. (Phoebe gasps)

Monica: Oh my God, are you out of a job?

Rachel: No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!

Phoebe: Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?

Rachel: Uh-huh.

Phoebe: That sounds great!

Joey: (entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)

Monica: Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can’t eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.

Joey: (Holding a turkey leg) There’s gravy?

Monica: If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that’s your department now. (She takes back the turkey leg)

(Joey climbs up on the counter and starts looking at the top of the cabinets.)

Monica: What are you doing?

Joey: I think I left a donut up here.

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Chandler are entering after the play. Phoebe and Joey are already there.]

Ross: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Phoebe: Ooh! How was Kathy’s play?

Ross: Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin’ guy.

Chandler: Yeah, it’s like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!

Phoebe: That’s a good idea for a business!

Chandler: I’m totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they’re gonna go to their cast parties and he’s gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it’ll be like, "So where’s your boyfriend, what’s-his-name, Chester?" And she’ll go, "No-no-no, it’s Chandler." And he’ll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"

Joey: (to Ross) That-that is a good trick.

Chandler: All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?

Joey: Chandler, look they’re actors. They’re there to do a job, just ‘cause they work together, doesn’t mean they’re gonna get together. I mean just ‘cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen with them.

Ross: Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.

Joey: Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.

Ross: Yeah.

Phoebe: Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.

Ross: They’re not a couple!

Phoebe: Oh-okay, I get the game now.

Joey: Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?

Ross: Oh yeah!

Joey: Well okay, so then you’re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It’s when the heat goes away, that’s when you’re in trouble.

Chandler: Really?

Joey: Look, you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?

Ross: No.

Joey: Noooo!!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, the gang minus Monica and Rachel are eating breakfast. Ross and Chandler are sitting at the foosball table and eating.]

Chandler: So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?

Ross: Y’know what, I don’t know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.

Chandler: Yeah, I know but…

Ross: Oh no-no-no, I’m there.

Monica: (entering) Hey!

Joey: Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?

Monica: You made pancakes?

Joey: Yep! Grab a plate.

Monica: Okay. (She does so and starts to walk towards Joey to receive her pancakes.)

Joey: No-no, stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake, which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin’ closer.

Chandler: Okay, okay, but don’t worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I’m fairly certain are the same thing.

Joey: Listen also we’re uh, we’re watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.

Ross: Oh yeah!

Monica: Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.

Joey: Oh yeah, who’s playing?

Monica: The players.

Ross: Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.

Monica: (laughs) Please, it’s a relief is what it is, is what it is.

Joey: All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!

Phoebe: Oh. (Joey flips the pancake and Phoebe catches it and throws it on her plate.)

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel’s new job.]

Rachel: (on the phone) Monica, I’m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn’t even buy it! (Pause) I’m telling you I’m quitting! That’s it! I’m talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. (Hangs up as her boss, Mr. Waltham, walks in.) Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.

Mr. Waltham: In a moment, please, I’m in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.

(It’s a really good-looking man, Joshua, that Rachel has an instant crush on. Well actually it’s Tate Donovan, so it’s not like she’s really testing her acting skills.)

Rachel: Hi!

Joshua: Hi, I’m Joshua.

Rachel: Hi, I’m Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?

Joshua: Well, I need a whole new wardrobe. My wife, well my ex-wife…

Rachel: Oh, I’m so sorry.

(He walks over to look and some clothes and Rachel quickly turns around and adjusts her bra, trying to show off her assets.)

Joshua: Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.

Rachel: Well, at least that’s a great suit.

Joshua: Yeah, but it wasn’t much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. (Rachel laughs) So I need everything down to underwear, so if you’re willing, I’m all yours.

Rachel: Okay.

Mr. Waltham: Rachel, you needed to speak to me?

Rachel: No-no, that wasn’t me! (To Joshua) Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. (Joshua turns at that) The selection of underwear we carry.

(He walks out and Rachel stares at his butt as he leaves. He makes a wrong turn.)

Rachel: Oh-oh, sorry, it’s this way, it’s this way. (Motions to the correct way.)

Joshua: It’s this way? Sorry. (He walks past her and she again admires his butt.)

[Scene: Kathy’s play, Ross and Chandler are waiting for her in the lobby after the play.]

Chandler: I’m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there’s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!

Ross: All right, let’s not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.

Chandler: Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!

Ross: Here she comes. Don’t say a word, okay? Just be cool, don’t be…y'know you.

Kathy: Hey you guys!

Ross: Hey!

Kathy: Hi! (Kisses Chandler) Thank you so much for coming again. Did you like it tonight?

Ross: Oh, absolutely! (Chandler mumbles something.)

Kathy: Wasn’t Nick funny when he couldn’t get his match lit?

(Chandler laughs without opening his mouth.)

Kathy: It’s a good play, isn’t it?

(Chandler mumbles something, and Ross tells him to "Come on.")

Chandler: Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you’re having sex with him.

Ross: Okay, I… (Walks away.)

Kathy: Clearly, I’m having sex with him?

Chandler: Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!

Kathy: Okay, so let me just get this straight. You’re accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?

Chandler: Y’know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you’re up there every night, you’re naked, touching, kissing.

Kathy: Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I’m-I’m playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!

Chandler: Well, you can understand, given how we started.

Kathy: Oh, wow. I can’t believe you’re throwing that in my face.

Chandler: Well, that is what happened, and I don’t even see you denying this!

Kathy: I’ll tell you what, Chandler, why don’t you call me when you grow up!

Chandler: Yeah, well, don’t expect that to happen anytime soon!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Phoebe, and Ross are there eating pizza as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!

Phoebe: Rachel has a new doll.

Rachel: Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.

Ross: Uh, hello!

Rachel: Hi-e!!

Phoebe: Ooh, what do I smell?

Joey: I don’t know, it smells good.

(He goes over and opens the door to reveal Monica holding a plate of cookies and a fan to blow the smell across the hall.)

Monica: Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!

Phoebe: Ooh! (They all go over to her apartment)

Monica: Please, have some!

Ross: Oh, yumm!

Monica: Yeah, I’ve just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.

Joey: (Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!

Monica: Yeah, it’s just something I picked up.

Ross: Cookies and porn, you’re the best mom ever!!

(Rachel laughs hysterically for no reason.)

Phoebe: What? What?

Rachel: Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be there.

Ross: Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?

Rachel: It’s Joshua.

Ross: Oh, whatever. (Laughs and gives Joey the thumbs up heading back to his apartment. Joey follows him)

Monica: Wait! Wait! This isn’t take-out!

Phoebe: (getting up) Well, I hate to eat and run, but…

Monica: No, wait, please don’t go! I’ve got porn for you too!

Phoebe: Yeah, I don’t need it.

Monica: People are supposed to wanna hang out here!

Rachel: Why? Honey, what is the big deal?

Monica: I’m the hostess! Not those guys! I’m always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.

Phoebe: Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?

Monica: ‘Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I’m-I’m done now. They’ve suffered enough.

Phoebe: If you wanted to punish them, you should’ve just made them hang out here!

Rachel: Yeah, that’s true.

Monica: All right then, when I’m done with this place, it’s gonna be ten times better than that place!

Phoebe: Oh, are we gonna trash that place?

(Chandler comes back, obviously drunk, and trips over the steps.)

Chandler: Steps! (He opens the door to his apartment to Ross and Joey looking at the new Playboy) Slut! (Ross and Joey quickly hide the Playboy behind their backs. Chandler wonders into the girl’s apartment.) You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!

All: What?!

Ross: So you were right?

Chandler: I confronted her, and she didn’t deny it! (Pause) I don’t live here! (Goes back into his apartment and they all follow him.)

Ross: Chandler!

Rachel: Chandler, what did she say?

Phoebe: Wait a minute.

Joey: Come here.

Monica: Are you sure?

Chandler: Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie’s…

Rachel: Beefsteak Charlie’s?

Chandler: Yes! See you and I have always been like—(motions that they think the same.)

[Scene: The hallway between the apartments, Monica is lugging one of those floor polishing machines through the hallway. Rachel comes up the steps and stops when she sees Monica.]

Rachel: Whoops. (Starts to go into Chandler and Joey’s.) Oh, hey, do you need help with that?

Monica: Nah, I got it.

Rachel: Ooh, I just feel bad, I never vacuum. (She goes into Chandler and Joey’s.)

[Cut to inside the apartment.]

Rachel: Hi!

All: Hey!

Rachel: So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It’s just so frustrating!

Phoebe: Why don’t you ask him out?

Joey: Oh, yeah, totally! That’s such a turn-on!

Rachel: Really? It doesn’t seem desperate?

Joey: Oh-ooh, that’s the turn-on.

Phoebe: He just got a divorce right?

Rachel: Hmm-mmm.

Phoebe: So he’s probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.

Rachel: Yeah but, I’ve never asked a guy out before.

Phoebe: (shocked) You’ve never asked a guy out?!!

Rachel: No. Have you?

Phoebe: Thousands of times!! That doesn’t make me sound too good does it?

Rachel: I don’t even know how I would go about it.

Joey: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"

Phoebe: Oh, please!

Joey: (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin’?

(Phoebe looks at him, and then giggles and looks away.)

Rachel: You know what, I’m gonna do that, I’m gonna call him up, and I’m gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. (Practising) How you doin’? (Calls him) Hi! Joshua? It’s Rachel Green from Bloomingdale’s. (Listens) Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we—(Listens) the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let’s see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I’ll see you tomorrow. Bye. (Hangs up) (to Phoebe) You’ve done that a thousand times?

Phoebe: I’ve never done that.

Rachel: Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.

Joey: Well, you gotta give him something that he can’t say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you’re guaranteed he’ll say yes!

Rachel: Really?! You think that will work?

Joey: Absolutely! And if it doesn’t, can I get the extra ticket?

(We hear a noise coming from Monica and Rachel’s apartment.)

Joey: What the heck is that?

(They go open the door and reveal Monica being spun around on the floor polisher and getting the cord wrapped around her legs.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross, Joey, and Phoebe are watching a movie as Chandler comes in from his bedroom.]

Chandler: Did she call?

Phoebe: No, sorry.

Chandler: All right, maybe I should call her.

Joey: No! Forget her, man! You don’t need her, you don’t need that!

Ross: He’s right, what she did was unforgivable.

Chandler: Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?

Ross: How might you be wrong?

Chandler: Well y'know, what if she didn’t actually sleep with the guy?

Joey: Dude, tell me she actually told you this.

Chandler: She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!

Ross: That’s all you’re basing this on?

Chandler: That’s not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.

Joey: Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There’s a lot of theories that didn’t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.

Chandler: Oh my God!!

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel’s new job, she is waiting for Joshua and practising how to ask him out.]

Rachel: Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? (Tries again.) You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too… (Tries again.) Umm, who likes the Knicks—(Joshua comes in from the dressing room.)

Joshua: What do you think?

Rachel: Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!

Joshua: Huh. (She starts brushing the lint off and checking him out in the mirror.) Yeah?

Rachel: Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. (She puts her arm in his and checks how they would look as a couple.) Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. (Pause) Umm, so you like it?

Joshua: I do. I do. I love it. In fact, I think I’m gonna wear it home.

Rachel: Great.

Joshua: All right, thank you so much for all your help.

Rachel: Sure.

Joshua: Well, I guess this is uh, I guess this is it.

Rachel: Yeah-eah-ha!

Joshua: Thanks. (He starts to leave) Maybe I’ll see in the spring, with the uh, y’know, for the uh, bathing suits.

Rachel: Oh well, you don’t want to do that now?!

Joshua: Ah, that’s okay, thanks.

Rachel: Okay.

Joshua: Anyway, hopefully, I’ll see you around sometime. (He goes out the door.)

Rachel: Basketball!

Joshua: (coming back in) I’m sorry.

Rachel: I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you’re interested, just as a thank you for this week.

Joshua: Wow! That would be great.

Rachel: Really?

Joshua: Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel. (He takes the tickets and leaves as Mr. Waltham returns.)

Mr. Waltham: Good morning.

Joshua: Hi!

(Mr. Waltham admires Joshua’s butt as he leaves.)

[Scene: Kathy’s apartment, Chandler is knocking on the door.]

Kathy: (opening the door) Hey.

Chandler: Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I’m sorry. Y’know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.

Kathy: Oh wow. I really wish you’d call me.

Chandler: Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y’know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? ‘Cause we’ve had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y’know, I know for me—(Notices a pair of men’s pants on the chair.) Nick’s pants?

Kathy: Yeah.

Chandler: Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is debriefing Rachel on her rejection earlier that day and telling her what she should’ve done. Ross and Phoebe are watching.]

Joey: Okay, for next time, what do you say?

Rachel: I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.

Ross: So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?

Rachel: He didn’t turn me down! He’s at the game isn’t he? I got the date, I’m just not on it!

Monica: (entering) Okay, it’s ready. Come on.

Joey: What’s ready?

Monica: Just come.

(They all go over to her apartment.)

Ross: Oh my God!

Rachel: Wow! Monica!

Phoebe: Great!

Ross: This is beautiful!

(She has cleaned it, completely redecorated it, removed the carpet, and polished the floor.)

Phoebe: Oh did you—what did you—did you work for two days straight?

Monica: Pretty much. (to Joey) So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?

Joey: I don’t know, it looks the same.

Monica: You used to have carpet.

Joey: Oh yeah!

Monica: So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I’m just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.

Ross: Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?

Monica: Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I’m always the hostess.

(Chandler returns.)

Ross: Hey!

Joey: How’d it go?

Chandler: Well, she wasn’t sleeping with him.

Phoebe: Oh good!

Chandler: She is now.

Ross: What are you saying?

Chandler: I’m saying that she… is a devil woman! Y’know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don’t hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.

Phoebe: How? How is your fault?

Chandler: Because, I-I should’ve called! Y’know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would’ve gone out with Nick, and they would’ve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!

Rachel: Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.

Ross: Well, if-if she thought they were on a break…

(They all turn and glare at him.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel is sitting at her desk as Mr. Waltham comes in.]

Mr. Waltham: Rachel, one of your customers seems to have left his billfold. A Joshua Bergen.

Rachel: Really?

Mr. Waltham: Will you call him?

Rachel: Yes! I will! Absolutely! (She takes out his license and her license and holds them face to face with each other. She then proceeds to act like Dark Helmut in Spaceballs, and mimic a conversation between the two of them.) Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I’m glad. Rachel, I’d like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin’?

End
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is getting ready for a fishing trip and Phoebe is asking him about the fishing lures. Ross is playing with the rod, and Monica is pretty much just watching the on goings.]

Phoebe: (holding a lure) So now, what is this now?

Joey: Guggly worm.

Phoebe: (laughs and picks up another lure) And this?

Joey: Glow-pop giggly jammer.

Phoebe: (laughs harder) You make it so funny.

Monica: (not wanting to be left out, picks up something) Hey umm, what’s this?

Joey: (examining it) Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year. (Monica drops the sandwich)

Ross: (pretend fishing in the living room) Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! (Swinging the rod back and forth) It’s the classic struggle between man and—(swings the rod and knocks over a lamp.) Someone knocked over a lamp.

Joey: (going over and picking up the rod) That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"

All: Great!

(Chandler enters from his bedroom, all depressed and wearing sweat pants, with the chick and duck in tow.)

Chandler: You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t cheat on all of you. (To Joey) Well, except you. (They hug and Chandler goes into the bathroom with the chick and duck following him.)

Monica: Hey, Joey, I don’t think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it’s only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?

Joey: Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his sweat pants, that’s still Phase One. Y'know? I’ll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.

Monica: What’s Phase Two?

Joey: Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.

Rachel: How does going to a strip club help him better?

Ross: Because there are naked ladies there.

Joey: Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.

Ross: There are naked ladies there too.

Joey: Yeah.

Chandler: (opening the bathroom door and kicking out the chick and duck) Would you give me one minute!! Please.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel is still dressing Joshua. He is trying on a pair of pants.]

Joshua: So, these will match the jacket you picked out for me last week?

Rachel: Um-hmm. (Joshua turns to look in the mirror and leaves Rachel staring at his ass.) There we go. There it is.

Joshua: (turning around) Oh! You know what I need?

Rachel: Yeah!

Joshua: Gloves. Brown, leather dress gloves.

Rachel: Oh, okay. Uhh, well let’s see. (Grabs his hand.) You’re about—well uh, this one is large. And this one—(Grabs the other hand.)

Joshua: Also large?

Rachel: Yeah! Okay, two larges coming right up!

Joshua: Okay.

Mr. Waltham: (entering) Rachel! Could I have a moment?

Rachel: Yes.

Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y’know—well she’s about your age I say. Anyway I have tickets for the opera, Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you’d like to keep her company this evening?

Rachel: Sure. You got it. Great!

Mr. Waltham: Oh, good.

Rachel: Me, Fledermaus, great. I really—(motions to Joshua.)

Mr. Waltham: Ohh! Yes of course, thank you, thank you, thank you so very much.

Joshua: So…(Holds out his hands as to say, "Where are my gloves?")

Rachel: So? (She puts her hands in his, totally forgetting about the gloves, and hoping for something more intimate.)

Joshua: Gloves?

Rachel: Ohh! Right! Right, sorry, I’ll be right back!

Joshua: Uhh, actually y’know what, I kinda—I have to take off.

Rachel: Oh.

Joshua: But, I was curious; do you have any plans for tonight?

Rachel: No! Nothing!

Joshua: I invested in this night-club and it’s opening tonight, would you like to come?

Rachel: Yeah! That would be great!

Joshua: You’re into hardcore S&M right?

Rachel: (shocked) Well, I-I guess—I…

Joshua: Kidding! (Rachel is relived) I’m gonna get there early, but I’m going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.

Rachel: Yeah, great, you betcha!

Mr. Waltham: (entering) I almost forget the tickets, didn’t I?

Rachel: What?

Mr. Waltham: For you and Emily, tonight, Die Fledermaus.

Rachel: Oh. Oh, right.

Mr. Waltham: I think you’ll like it, it has two out of the three tenors.

Rachel: Oh yay!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is in his sweats flinging playing cards into a pot.]

Chandler: Y’know, I can’t believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I’m never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!

Ross: Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take ‘em off and we’ll have some fun.

Joey: (entering) Hey-hey!

Ross: Hi!

Phoebe: Hey!

Ross: Catch any big fish? (Phoebe, Ross, and Monica all go over to him.)

Joey: Oh my God, you guys have no idea.

All: (they all recoil from the smell emanating from him) Oh! God! Wow!

Monica: You stink!

Ross: Are you kidding?!

Joey: Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how’s he doing?

Ross: He hasn’t gotten out of that chair in two days.

Joey: (goes over to Chandler) Hey buddy! How’s it going?

(Chandler imitates retching and gets out of the chair.)

Joey: (To the rest of the gang) Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go memorise my lines. (Starts to go his bedroom) Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!

Rachel: (entering) Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Hey, Monica!

Monica: Uh-oh, what’s the matter?

Rachel: Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So… What are you gonna do?

Monica: I don’t know sweetie.

Rachel: No! Help me!

Monica: I can’t! I have to work!

Rachel: Phoebe?

Phoebe: I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.

Rachel: Ugh!

Phoebe: Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.

Rachel: Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is—I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y’know the "Wouldn’t it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?

Monica: No, Chandler’s still in Phase One, and Joey’s that thing you smell.

Rachel: Ohh! (Realises that Ross is in the room.) Hi!

Ross: Hi!

Rachel: So….

Ross: No.

Rachel: Ohhhh, come on!!!

(There’s a knock on the door.)

Monica: I think she’s here.

Rachel: No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!

Ross: You want me to take some girl I’ve never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.

Monica: (looking out the peephole) Ohh, she’s looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can’t see people through that little hole, can you? (Goes back to the door.) Hello!

Woman: Hello! (Monica screams)

Rachel: I’ll be right there! (to Ross) Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we’ve gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?

Ross: All right, I’ll do it.

Rachel: Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! (Monica opens the door.) Emily?

Emily: Yes.

Rachel: I’m Rachel Green.

Emily: Thank goodness.

Rachel: There’s been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I’m not free tonight. So…

Emily: Really?! Well, that’s just lovely, isn’t it? I must’ve missed your call, even though I didn’t leave the flat all day.

Rachel: Oh well, no I…

Emily: Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who’s got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.

Monica: I-I-I think you look great.

Emily: Good night, it was very nice to meet you all. (Storms out.)

(Pause)

Rachel: I’ll get her.

Ross: Please hurry.

Phoebe: Don’t you just love the way they talk?!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, the next morning, Monica and Phoebe are eating breakfast.]

Phoebe: Ohh!

Monica: What?

Phoebe: It kicked! I think the baby kicked!

Monica: Oh my God!

Phoebe: Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.

Joey: (running from his bedroom) Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!

Monica: Oh wait, Joey, you can’t go like that! You stink!

Joey: Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.

Monica: Yeah. Run ten blocks, that’ll help the smell.

(He opens the door to reveal Rachel.)

Rachel: Hey—whoa, slow down. (Gets a whiff of him) No, keep moving. (Joey runs off.) Wow!

Monica: So? How did it go with Joshua last night?

Rachel: Well, I didn’t see Joshua last night, but I did punch a girl in the face.

Monica: What?

Phoebe: Why?

Rachel: The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.

Phoebe: Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?

Rachel: No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I’m Rachel Greep! I’m Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.

Monica: So you hit her in the face?

Rachel: No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can’t believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.

Phoebe: (going over to comfort her) Aww, Pheebs.

Rachel: Honey, that’s you’re name.

Phoebe: That’s short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!

(Chandler enters from his bedroom.)

Monica: Hey! You’re wearing pants!

Chandler: That’s right! Where are the guys? I’m ready to get drunk and see some strippers.

Monica: It’s 9:30 in the morning!

Chandler: They got a breakfast buffet.

(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)

Monica: Hello. (Listens) Oh, hey Ross!

Chandler: Ooh, let me talk to him!

Monica: Oh-oh, my God!

Chandler: Well, can I just…

Monica: (to Chandler) Shh!! (On phone) Wait, what?

Chandler: She’s shhing me! It’s my phone and she’s shhing me!

Phoebe: Shhh!! Please! What’s he saying?

Monica: He’s with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!

Phoebe: What? Oh my God!

Rachel: What? Who the hell is Emily—(realises) noooo!!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, scene continued from earlier.]

Rachel: They’re in Vermont!! How could this happen?! (She waves her arms franticly and hits Chandler.)

Chandler: Ow!

Rachel: How—how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?! (She hits Chandler again.)

Chandler: Maybe, she doesn’t hit him all the time.

[cut to Ross in Vermont, talking on the phone.]

Ross: When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.

Emily: (rushing in) Ross! Come quickly! There’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!

Ross: I’ve gotta go, there’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard! (He hangs up and runs out.)

[cut back to Chandler and Joey’s.]

Monica: He had to go, there’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.

Rachel: I don’t get this! She was horrible! (She hits Chandler, yet again.)

Chandler: Okay, I’m going to go stand over there. (Points and moves into the living room.)

Monica: Why do you care so much anyway?

Rachel: I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!

Monica: Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.

Rachel: Oh, y’know, would you just for once, not remember every…little…thing!! (Storms out.)

Chandler: So y’know, uh, when’s he getting back?

Monica: A couple of days.

Chandler: Y’know, I knew something like this was going to happen. (He starts to take off his pants, revealing that he is still wearing his sweat pants.)

Monica: What are you doing?! Chandler! You can’t just go back a phase!

Chandler: Yes you can. You’re thinking about time, you can’t go back in time.

Phoebe: Well, look, why don’t you just, why don’t you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.

Monica: Yeah, come on, we can be guys!

Chandler: (laughs) No you can’t.

Phoebe: Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!

Chandler: You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all hairy and wouldn’t live as long. (Starts to go to his bedroom)

Phoebe: Y’know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!

Chandler: Okay. (Starts to cry)

Phoebe: I’m sorry. (Goes and hugs him)

[Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey is just arriving for his scene.]

Joey: (rushing in) Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here!

The A.D: Calm down, we got time, we’re running a little late.

(Just then, Charlton Heston walks out of his dressing room and starts eating a liquorice whip.)

Joey: Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!

The A.D: Yeah, we loves ‘em. I’ve never seen him with—(He gets a whiff of Joey and starts smelling around.)

Joey: (trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?

The A.D: You.

Joey: Y’know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?

The A.D: You?

Joey: No-no, it’s uh, it’s Heston.

The A.D: What?

Joey: Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.

The A.D: There’s no way he smells, he’s the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.

Joey: Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?

The A.D: The one with "Heston" on it.

Joey: Interesting.

[Scene: A strip club, the girls are there with Chandler, who isn’t enjoying himself.]

Monica: (coming back to the stage and sitting next to Chandler) Okay, I’ve got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?

Chandler: No thanks, Mom!

(A man sits down next to Phoebe and lights up a cigarette.)

Phoebe: Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, ‘cause I’m pregnant.

The Cigarette Smoking Guy: (No, not the Cigarette Smoking Man from The X-Files.) Well, maybe you and your baby should go to another strip club.

Phoebe: Ha-ha, it’s not my baby, ha-ha-ha! (He leaves.)

(The dancer finishes and everyone claps.)

Monica: Very good, (getting up and sliding a One into the dancer’s hot pants) so good.

Phoebe: (doing the same) I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.

Rachel: (joining them) Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn’t call. I mean you’d think he’d be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!

Phoebe: Come on! Look where you are!!

Monica: (to the waitress) When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.

Phoebe: Remember, a virgin for me please.

Monica: Oh! And don’t let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.

Chandler: Ahh, come on! Y’know what—y’know what, I think I’m just gonna go home and call Kathy.

Phoebe: Well, if you think it will help.

Chandler: No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I’m gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I’m gonna get so drunk, I’m gonna wanna call Janice

Phoebe: You should! How is she?

Chandler: Ohhh!!

Monica: I think somebody needs another lap dance. (Motions for one.)

[Scene: Silvercup studios, Joey is taking a shower in Charlton Heston’s dressing room. Heston enters the room, Joey panics, and walks over to the shower and confronts Joey about the use of his shower.]

Charlton Heston: Hello! Who’s in there? (He opens to curtain to reveal a naked and wet Joey.)

Joey: How ya doin’?

Charlton Heston: Who in the hell are you?

Joey: I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?

Charlton Heston: Put some pants on kid so I can kick your butt.

Joey: No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I’m an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I’m doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.

Charlton Heston: (shocked) You’re in this picture?

Joey: Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I’m really sorry, but I stink!

Charlton Heston: Joey, right?

Joey: Yeah.

Charlton Heston: (tosses him a towel, motions for him to get out of the shower and sits down on the couch) Every actor at one time or another—opp! (Joey tries to sit down next to him and Heston makes him sit somewhere else.) Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won’t even watch himself.

Joey: Oh no-no-no, you don’t understand…

Charlton Heston: Listen to me!

Joey: Oh yeah, yeah.

Charlton Heston: I don’t know one actor worth his salt that didn’t say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!

Joey: Yes sir! Yes sir, I’m-I’m—(he starts to leave)

Charlton Heston: Wait a minute! Take your pants.

Joey: Yeah. Oh, yeah.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are returning from the strip club.]

Monica: So, we did okay at the strip club, right?

Chandler: Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!

Rachel: (entering) I can’t believe it! He still hasn’t called.

Phoebe: Who, Josh?

Rachel: It’s Joshua.

Monica: What, he doesn’t like Josh?

Rachel: No, I don’t.

Chandler: All right, well I’m gonna put my sweats back on.

Phoebe: Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y’know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren’t great at being guys, but you know why? Because we’re girls.

Chandler: Yeah?

Phoebe: And do you know what girls are really good at?

Chandler: Stripping!

Phoebe: No, listening! Sit! Y’know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.

Rachel: Yeah, come on! What’s going in on in there? (Pats his chest.)

Monica: Yeah. And y’know, if you wanna cry, that’s okay too.

Chandler: Okay, look, I’m gonna have to ask you all to leave.

Monica: Come on! Chandler!

Chandler: Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn’t picture myself with any of them. (Sits back in disgust.)

Monica: They really were pretty, weren’t they? (Rachel and Phoebe both agree)

Phoebe: Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.

Monica: Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!

Phoebe: Yeah.

Monica: Y’know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. (Chandler is intrigued.) It’d, it’d be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.

Rachel: See, I don’t know, for me it would have to Chantal.

Monica: Oh, Chantal!

Rachel: Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh…

Chandler: (jumping up) Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!

Monica: Really?!

Chandler: I am totally picturing you with all those women!

Monica: That’s-that’s not Phase Three.

Chandler: Well, I’m there too!

Rachel: Well, are we all together? Like in a group?

Chandler: Stop it! You’re killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!

Phoebe: Oh! What is that? What is that?

Chandler: Where I don’t want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!

[Scene: Central Perk, the gang is there, minus Ross. Chandler is trying to cheer Joey up about missing Phase Two.]

Chandler: Come on, let me see that smile.

Joey: I don’t wanna.

Chandler: Please?

Joey: I wanted to go to the strip club!

Chandler: I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.

Joey: Yeah, all right. (Ross enters.)

Monica: Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey—ooh so, how was Vermont?

Ross: Emily is…incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. (Sees Rachel coming back from the bathroom.) Oh! And you! Rach!

Rachel: Oh, hey!

Ross: Hey! You were so right!

Rachel: What?

Ross: Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.

Rachel: Oh, hmm.

Ross: I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn’t quite there. Y’know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy…

Rachel: Joshua.

Ross: Joshua…guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda…y’know.

Rachel: Yeah, I…

Ross: But now! I’m there! I’m totally there! I’m-I’m finally where you are!

Rachel: Oh, thank goodness!

Ross: Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.

Rachel: Oh, no problem. I’m so glad I could help. Happy for you. (She playfully punches him.)

Ross: Happy for you. (He punches her back.)

Rachel: No, happy for you! (Hits him harder.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is there and is getting ready to direct a bunch of strippers, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe on what to do in the upcoming orgy of lesbian lust. Yes, it’s a dream sequence, this isn’t cable.]

Chandler: All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do. (Points to a stripper.) You are gonna take off my clothes. (To another two strippers) You two, go get the oils. (To another stripper) And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler’s the king! Chandler’s the king!"

Phoebe: I-I wanna be with her, (points to the stripper next to her) I like her.

Chandler: Oh, that’s fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.

Monica: Wait, now, what am I doing again?

Chandler: Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!

The Cigarette Guy: Hi, I’m Joshua, I’m here to pick up Rachel.

Rachel: No-no-no, that’ not Joshua.

Chandler: What do you want from me, I’ve never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I’m sorry you can’t stay, (Rachel is upset about leaving the orgy with the cigarette guy.) but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. (The cigarette guy starts rubbing Chandler’s back.) What are you doing? (The guy just nods) All right, listen, I’ve got to wake up!
[Scene: A beauty parlour, Rachel is getting a manicure while Chandler, yes Chandler, is getting a petticure (Does that scare you that I know those terms?  Well, it scares me.).]

Chandler: Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done!  And you said it was gonna be fun! (pause) Which it kinda is.  Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!

Rachel: Chandler, there’s a guy right over there. (Points to the counter)

Chandler: That’s a mailman! That’s our mailman! (Waves to the mailman) (Sarcastic) Hi. How are ya?

Rachel: Chandler, don’t worry! This doesn’t make you any less of a guy! (Chandler starts blowing on his fingernails like women do.) That does! (Chandler stops blowing.) What am I sitting on? (She looks and finds a huge nail.) I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.

Chandler: Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?

Rachel: Hmm.

Woman: OH…MY…GAWD!! (Yep, you guessed it. It’s Janice.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Joey are standing at the counter. Monica is flipping a light switch on and off next to the door.]

Monica: Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?

Joey: Ohh, Nothing.

Monica: Didn’t it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?

Joey: I know what it did! Nothing.

Monica: They wouldn’t have put it there if it didn’t do something! How can you not care?

Joey: Like this. (Shrugs)

Rachel: Well, here’s another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?

Joey: Sure! It flushes it.

Rachel: Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?

Chandler: (entering, with Janice in tow) Hello!

Joey: Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.)

Rachel: Guess who we ran into today?!

Monica: Janice?!

Chandler: Isn’t this amazing?

Monica: How have you been?

Janice: Oh well, I’m divorced.

Phoebe: Ohhh, wow.

Janice: Yeah, I’m riding the alimony pony. (Does the now famous laugh.)

Joey: And there it is.

Janice: I just came up to say, "Hi!" Hi! (to Chandler) And you, sweetie, I’ll see you tonight.

Chandler: Okay. Bye.

Janice: Bye.

Chandler: Bye.

Janice: Bye.

Chandler: Bye.

Janice: Bye.

Chandler: B-bye!

Janice: Bye-bye.

Chandler: Bye. (Finally closes the door on her.) (After it’s closed) I can’t stand the woman! (Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.)

Phoebe: What?! I thought you were crazy about her!

Chandler: Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality—Well, they’re all back! Y’know? And she’s picked up like nine new ones!

Joey: So what are you doing bringing her here?! There’s people here!

Chandler: Don’t worry about it. I’m taking care of it tonight. (Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.)

Rachel: You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.

Chandler: (standing in the door of the fridge) Well, I don’t have to break up with her this time. We’re not involved! I’m going to do a pre-emptive strike! I’m going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! (Closes the fridge.)

Joey: Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around and then back at Joey.) I’m tellin’ ya!

[Scene: A street, Ross and Emily are walking home from a date.]

Emily: I can’t believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.

Ross: No, it’s really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.

(At that moment two very large men start screaming and running towards Emily and picking her up.)

Ross: Help! Help!! Help! Help!!

Emily: No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. (Introducing them) Liam, Devon, this is Ross.

Devon: Hey, mate.

Liam: How are ya man?

Ross: Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? (Imitating himself) Help! Help!

Emily: So how are you? I’ve been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I’ve been rather busy.

Devon: Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?

Emily: Oh my God. I think you’re right.

Liam: (puts his arm around her) Well, actually the last time you and I saw each other was that morning.

Emily: Oh, Liam. (Ross laughs and takes her back.)

Ross: Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something—or should I call it (In an English accent) football?

Devon: We were playing rugby.

Liam: In fact we’re playing a game at the park tomorrow. You’re welcome to play too if you want.

Emily: (laughs) Ross play rugby? I don’t think so.

Ross: What’s ah, what’s so funny about that?

Emily: Well I mean, you’re American to start with. You don’t even have rugby here.

Ross: Well, we didn’t have freedom here until 1776, either so…

Devon: So good then! We’ll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!

Liam: Cheers!

Ross: Cheers!

(Liam and Devon both take a swig of their beers, while Ross takes a swig of his coffee. The Brits both crush their cans, and not to be out done, Ross crushes his coffee cup, spilling its contents.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is attempting his pre-emptive strike.]

Janice: Oh boy, I just love to sing!

Chandler: Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.

Janice: Oh, look at us! Who would’ve thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails. (Does the laugh)

Chandler: (laughs) Okay, we have to talk. I’m just getting out of a very serious relationship…

Janice: I know! And I’m just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!

Chandler: Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.

Janice: Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.

Chandler: I hear ya. (Pause) But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!

Janice: Oh no! Where to? (Gasps) Too Paris?

Chandler: No! No! Not, Paris.

Janice:Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?

Chandler: Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? (Thinks) Yemen. That’s right, yes, I’m being transferred to Yemen!

Janice: When?

Chandler: I don’t know exactly.

Janice: Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.

Chandler: But I do know that it’s some time tomorrow.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are plugging in a bunch of electronics.]

Monica: Done?

Phoebe: Yep!

Rachel: (entering, with Joey) Hey!

Joey: Hey! What’s up?

Monica: This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don’t work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.

Joey: (to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did.

Rachel: Y’know, you-you also could’ve used uh, lamps and then followed the light.

Monica: Yeah, well, I’m using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. (She flips on the switch and a hum starts.) I hear something! I hear something! Where is it? (They all start looking until Rachel realises it’s Joey.)

Rachel: It’s coming from Joey!

Phoebe: Oh my God, that’s so freaky! Turn him off!!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross, Joey, and Rachel are watching rugby on TV as Phoebe enters.]

Phoebe: Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.

Ross: Oh, just hold on a second. I’m watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don’t know what the big deal is. I’m man enough to play this sport.

Joey: Dude, you’re not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.

Janice: (entering) Hey there Ross!

Ross: (shocked) Hey!

Phoebe: (whispering to Ross) Janice.

Chandler: Y’know uh, you didn’t really have to help me pack.

Janice: Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn’t really leave me much choice. Did you?

Chandler: Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!

Joey: Hey-hey, what’s going on?

Chandler: Oh, I’m packing. Y’know I’m-I’m packing ‘cause I’m moving to Yemen tomorrow.

Joey: Thanks for telling me!

(Janice runs into the bedroom.)

Chandler: I’m only going to pretend I’m moving to Yemen, it’s the only way I can get rid off her.

Joey: Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.

Janice: (leaning in from the bedroom) Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It’s a real space saver.

Phoebe: Yeah, I know, I do that ‘cause it makes me look taller.

Janice: Okay, Chandler, come on!

Chandler: (to Janice) Okay. (to Joey) Joey, trade lives with me!

Joey: Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross, I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!

Ross: Hey, I can handle it! All right?

Rachel: Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.

Ross: That’s ‘cause-‘cause you’re mom’s dog kept-kept looking at me.

Joey: (pointing to the TV) Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That’s called a scrum, okay? It’s kinda like a huddle.

Ross: And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?

Joey: Ross! (Laughs) They’re gonna kill you!

Phoebe: Well, why are you doing this anyway?

Ross: Well, you should’ve seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he’s like Joe Rugby.

Phoebe: You’re kidding! And he plays rugby?! That’s so funny. (Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.

Ross: Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I’m gonna show her how tough I really am!

Rachel: (starts laughing, Ross stares at her) I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You’re right, you are a tough guy. You’re the toughest palaeontologist I know.

Joey: All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It’s not like he’s…Chandler!

Chandler: (from his bedroom) Thanks!

Ross: Look, don’t worry about me. Okay? I’ll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I’ll uh, I’ll be that guy right out of the circle. (He points to a player who starts running and then gets viscously tackled from behind.)

All: Oh!

Rachel: Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin’ at him.

(Ross turns and wants to attack Rachel, but Joey stops him.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: The park, everyone is warming up for the rugby game. Only Joey and Phoebe came to support Ross.]

Joey: Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points), and that guy (Points). And that one—Dude! They’re all huge!

Ross: They don’t look any bigger than me!

Joey: Well, maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.

Emily: I’m just going to say hi to the lads. All right?

Ross: All right.

Emily: Okay. (Goes to say hi to the lads.)

(A player comes over and picks up a ball in front of Phoebe.)

Phoebe: (to the player) Hi.

(The player stands up and smiles. Showing that he has no front teeth.)

Phoebe: Whoa! (The player leaves and to Joey) I kinda liked it.

(The referee blows the whistle and the players gather to start the game.)

Ross: Okay, I know what I have to do. I’ve got to go Red Ross. (Joey and Phoebe don’t know what he’s talking about.) Y’know, Red Ross!

Joey: I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.

Ross: Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!

Joey: No.

Ross: You’ll see.

[Cut to Emily, Devon, and Liam]

Emily: Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it’s his first time.

Liam: You don’t say! (We see Ross who is hopping about with the ball and spikes it in his face.)

Emily: (to Ross) Good luck, babe.

(The scrum forms and the game is underway.)

Liam: Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! (Ross gets pumped up.) Ross! Come on!

(Ross walks over to the scrum, walks around a bit looking for a way to get into the scrum.)

Liam: Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!

(Ross, urged on by his team-mates, jumps on top of the scrum and falls headfirst into the middle, leaving his feet sticking straight up.)

Ross: JOEY!!!!!!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica is going over some plans as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: You…are…not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?

Monica: He asked you out?!

Rachel: No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.

Monica: Saucy!

Rachel: (refers to the table) What are these?

Monica: Electrical plans for the building.

Rachel: Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?

Monica: I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.

Rachel: Wow! If only more people knew.

[Scene: The airport, the Yemen Express counter, Chandler is still trying to get rid of Janice.]

Chandler: Y’know you, really didn’t have to take me to the airport.

Janice: Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don’t really seem to care too much that you’re leaving.

Chandler: Well, we’re really not that close. (Pause) Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.

Janice: On no! No! It’s not good-bye, I’m not leaving until you get on that plane.

Chandler: Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then. (Hands her the sign that says, Wait Here.") (To the ticket agent) Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.

Ticket Counter Attendant: One ticket to Yemen?

Chandler: Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.

Ticket Counter Attendant: I’m sorry sir, I don’t understand.

Chandler: What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?

Ticket Counter Attendant: Are you travelling with a child?

Chandler: No. All right, y’know what, she’s (Points to Janice) gonna think that I’m handing you a credit card, but what I’m really gonna do is hand you a library card.

Ticket Counter Attendant: Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don’t take library cards.

Janice: What’s the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?

Chandler: (to the ticket agent) American Express?

[Scene: The rugby game, Ross is getting killed.]

Emily: I can’t believe they’re doing that to him! I told them to go easy on him!

Phoebe: No offence but, y’know sometimes it’s hard to understand you, y’know with the accent, so…

(The whistle blows.)

Emily: That’s just halftime, there’s more of this.

(Ross limps over all covered in mud.)

Ross: Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!

Emily: Right.

Ross: (to Emily) Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?

Emily: Okay.

Ross: Thanks. (When she’s gone he collapses into Joey.) I-I think I’m dying. I really do.

Phoebe: Oh, poor baby.

Ross: (to Phoebe) Tell my son that I love him. (Emily returns with the water.) Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!

Emily: Ross, they are killing you out there!

Ross: (whines "No.") That’s not true!

Phoebe: She’s right! You have to stop!

Ross: What? No! No, I’m not stopping. I’m Red Ross!

Joey: Dude, if you go back out there, you’re gonna be Dead Ross!

Ross: I don’t care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!

Emily: All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.

Ross: No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.

Emily: No. That’s not what I’m saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.

Ross: I like that.

Emily: Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.

Ross: Huh?

Emily: One swift kick and he’ll back off.

Ross: All right, bad ankle, got it!

Emily: And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn’t wear a cup.

Ross: Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!

Emily: And uh, Liam, Liam’s got bad knees. You hit him right and he’ll go down like a lamp.

Ross: But-but, Liam’s on my team.

Emily: I don’t care! You just get him!

Ross: I’m gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in! (Squeals like a madman.)

Joey: The Red Ross! Okay.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica is reading a book as Rachel returns.]

Rachel: Hey!

Monica: Hi!

Rachel: (noticing a bunch of pictures around the door that weren’t there originally.) What-what are-what are these?

Monica: Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they’d brighten up the place. They do don’t you think?

(Rachel rips one of the wall and finds a huge hole underneath.)

Monica: No-no-no, no!

(Rachel rips off another one, revealing another hole. Rachel then moves onto a third one, but this one doesn’t have a hole underneath it.)

Monica: I know that there’s no hole there, I just really liked that picture.

(Rachel looks at it and then throws it away. She then removes a fourth one, revealing a third hole.)

Rachel: Oh my God! Look at this!

Monica: Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!

Rachel: I don’t care! The wires have come loose in your head!

Monica: I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.

Rachel: And did you?!

Monica: No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.

(Rachel removes a paper on the floor which is covering a hole and gasps.)

Monica: But it didn’t. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.

Rachel: Oh my God.

Mrs. Chatracus: Hello darling.

Rachel: Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.

[Scene: Central Perk, They are returning from the rugby game, Joey and Emily are carrying Ross.]

Phoebe: Now, are you sure you don’t want to go see a doctor?

Ross: Oh no! That-that’ll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y’know what? I’m buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it’s in my pocket.

Joey: Yeah, sure.

Ross: No, not you. (Emily gets it.)

Joey: Uhh, look, your eye’s still popping out a little, I’m gonna go get some ice.

Phoebe: Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice! (They go and get the coffee and the ice leaving Ross and Emily alone.)

Emily: You were amazing out there.

Ross: Oh, I kinda was, wasn’t I?

Emily: Oh my God!

Ross: I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I washed my dad’s Porsche with rocks.

Emily: You really enjoyed yourself didn’t you?

Ross: Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud of it but, I really am. And it’s all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.

Emily: I think you’ve got concussion.

Ross: No, no, I’m serious. Thank you.

Emily: You’re welcome. (She hugs him tightly and he winces.) I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?

Ross: It’s worth the pain. (She goes to hug him again.) Y’know what, you know what? It’s not.

[Scene: The airport, the flight to Yemen is being called.]

Ticket Counter Attendant: (on the P.A.) This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.

Chandler: Well, I-I guess I gotta go.

Janice: Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I’ll wait for you. Do you even know how long you’re going to be gone?

Chandler: Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.

Janice: Oh. Well, I’ll right you everyday. (Reading the address) 15 Yemen Road, Yemen.

Chandler: Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.

(He gives the agent his ticket and walks onto the jetway. Janice walks over and looks out the window. Chandler walks back into the terminal and tries to walk right past Janice, but she sees him.)

Janice: Chandler?

Chandler: No!

Janice: Chandler!

Chandler: Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!

Janice: No! No! I wanna see you take-off.

Chandler: Well, I then guess I’m going to Yemen! I’m going to Yemen! (To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?

Closing Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica has finally given up on her search to find what the light switch does and is now flicking it on and off aimlessly.]

Monica: All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out what it did. I’ve had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.

Rachel: Thank God.

Monica: I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.

[Cut to Chandler and Joey’s, Joey and Phoebe are watching TV. The TV is turning off and on, and each time Phoebe is blinking her eyes like the Genie did. The switch obviously controls the outlet which the TV is plugged into.]

Phoebe: See? I’m doing it. I am totally doing it. (Suddenly it stops working.) I lost it.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe is stressing out about something.]

Monica: What is it hon?

Phoebe: I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake—ooh! Cake! (Chandler shrugs, and Phoebe grimaces.) No.

Monica: Aww, honey I’m sorry.

Phoebe: God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh! (She goes to the bathroom.)

Chandler: Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.

[Cut to the bathroom, Joey is taking a shower and Phoebe knocks on the door.]

Joey: Yeah?

Phoebe: It’s me. It’s Phoebe. Listen there’s something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?

(Joey sticks his head out of the shower curtain.)

Joey: Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.

Phoebe: (she smells his head) No!

Joey: Oh! Wait-wait! (Reaches inside the shower.) Is it my bologna sandwich?

Phoebe: Yes. Yes. Yes. I can’t believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can’t eat meat!

Joey: Oh, wait-wait! (Reaches into the shower again.) Maybe it’s a pickle?!

(Phoebe grimaces at the smell.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Joey and Rachel are there. Rachel is writing something on a pad, and then crumples it up and throws it on the floor.]

Chandler: What are you writing?

Rachel: Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.

Chandler: Oh yeah? (He grabs the pad and starts reading it.) Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you (Pause) never go out of style—what did you throw away?

(Ross and Emily enter.)

Chandler: Hi guys!

All: Hey!

Joey: Hey, what have you guys been up too?

Ross: Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.

Chandler: Without me?!

Emily: My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.

Ross: Yeah.

Emily: They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that! (Shows them a doorknob she has.)

Monica: I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff.

Emily: I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. (Chandler is shocked.) It’s a joke. (They all laugh.)

Ross: Bye. (They kiss.)

Emily: Right, I’ve got to be off, I’ll see ya. Buh-bye then. (She leaves.)

Joey: Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.

Ross: Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun. And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. (Chandler is shocked.) She’s leaving in two days, I don’t have to do it.

Monica: Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.

Ross: Yeah, she’s got to go back to London. But you know what? I’ve been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that’s it. Y’know.

Joey: Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.

Chandler: Yes, but in Ross’s case, they both know in two weeks that’s it.

(Phoebe enters.)

Ross: Pheebs!

All: Hey!

Ross: (starts rubbing her belly) Hello! Hello!

Phoebe: (angered by the rubbing) Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y’know? And I got nauseous.

Chandler: Maybe that’s because soy-burgers suck!

Phoebe: Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.

Joey: Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.

Phoebe: That’s sweat. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that glow too.

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel is preparing to slip Joshua the note.]

Joshua: (coming in from a changing room) Okay!

Rachel: Oh, here’s that trench-coat that you wanted.

Joshua: Oh great! (He tries on the coat.) Wow! Yeah, it’s comfortable.

Rachel: Yeah?

Joshua: Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing. (He goes to put his hands in his pockets.)

Rachel: (stopping him) Oh no-no, no-no, they don’t want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.

Joshua: Why not?!

Rachel: Well, that’s because of a lot of…(She imitates someone picking their nose and placing the treasure found in the pockets.)

Joshua: Y’know, they ruin it for everybody.

Rachel: I know!

Joshua: Y’know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.

Rachel: Oh?

Joshua: Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.

Rachel: Well, congratulations, so do you love her?

Joshua: No, no, no, she’s nice but, y’know, it just it made me realize that I’m just not, I’m just not ready to be dating, y’know?

Rachel: Huh. Well, uh, that’s uh, that’s interesting. (She goes over and retrieves her note.)

Joshua: (noticing her) Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?

Rachel: Oh, it’s just an anti-theft device.

Joshua: Then uh, what’s-what’s this? (Shows her the real anti-theft device.)

Rachel: You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up. (Rips up the note.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross is writing on the Magna-Doodle as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.

Chandler: What are you talking about?

Joey: Yeah, what’ going on?

Rachel: We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua. (Starts handing out party hats.) Look, he said he’s not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him! (Hands Ross a party hat.)

Ross: Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren’t going to be here. All right? I mean, she’s going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I’ve got a whole special evening planned. So I’m sorry, no party.

Joey: Awwww!

Emily: (entering) Hello?

Rachel: Surprise!!!

Chandler and Joey: Surprise!!

Emily: No one’s ever thrown me a surprise party before!

Rachel: Well, it was all Ross’s idea.

Emily: You’re so sweet! And I’m so surprised!

Ross: You really didn’t know?

[Cut to later, the party is in full swing. Rachel is in the kitchen and Chandler goes over to talk to her.]

Chandler: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? (Points to the living room.)

Rachel: Uhh, because I’m trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he’s looking over here, say something funny.

Chandler: Like what?

(Rachel laughs hysterically.)

Joey: What-what-what is so funny?

Chandler: I said, "Like what?"

Joey: Now that’s a thinker.

Rachel: Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. (Chandler does so.) Okay. Okay. (She does a little sexy walk over to where Joshua is standing.) Hi!

Joshua: Hi!

Rachel: Care for a cherry?

Joshua: Oh, no thanks.

Rachel: No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.

(She tries to demonstrate this unique ability, but only succeeds in choking on it.)

Joshua: You okay? (Rachel swallowed it whole and is not hacking like a heavy smoker in the morning.) You all right? (Rachel walks away, coughing.)

Ross: (interrupting Monica and Emily) So we should probably get going soon.

Emily: Oh, but the party’s only just getting started!

Ross: Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Plaza for dinner.

Emily: So why did you plan a party at the same time?

Ross: No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It’s usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I’m so surprised—good-bye!"

Emily: But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.

Ross: Monica said that did she? (He squeezes Monica’s knee really hardly and Monica winces in pain.)

[Cut to Joey and Phoebe in the kitchen. Phoebe is watching Joey make a sandwich.]

Phoebe: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?

Joey: A little salami.

Phoebe: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?

Joey: Pastrami.

Phoebe: Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius.

(Rachel enters, she has changed clothes.)

Rachel: Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?

Joey: Yeah. (He goes over to her.)

Rachel: Up!

Monica: You changed?

Rachel: Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.

Monica: And lucky means, more cleavage?

Chandler: Does for me.

(Joey starts wiping lint off of her back, but goes at little too far and Rachel just glares at him. He stops, gives her the ‘okay’ symbol and walks away.)

Rachel: Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?

Joey: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.

Rachel: What?

Joey: There was a seen in Footloose...

Chandler: Flashdance.

Joey: Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl…

Chandler: She was a welder.

Joey: What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.

Monica: Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.

Rachel: It’s not Christmas!

Monica: Or Spin the Bottle?

Rachel: He’s not 11!

Emily: (with her coat on, she’s leaving with Ross) Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.

Rachel: What? You’re leaving?!

Ross: Yes, we have something we have to get to.

Joshua: Uhh, yeah, I think I’m going to take-off too.

Rachel: No! You guys can’t leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!

Ross: What big thing?

[Cut to later, the whole group is seated on the floor and Rachel is explaining the rules of Spin the Bottle.]

Rachel: (spinning the bottle) So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther’s face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?

Emily: I’ll go.

All: Yay!

(Emily spins the bottle and it lands on Joey.)

Joey: Welcome to America. (They both kiss.)

(Joey spins the bottle and it lands on Emily.)

Monica: Two in a row! You’ve got to use your tongues now! (They kiss again.)

Rachel: Yay! Emily!

(Emily spins the bottle and once again, it lands on Joey.)

Chandler: What are the odds? What are the odds?

(They both move to kiss again.)

Ross: (stopping them) Okay, that-that’s enough! Y’know, let’s, let’s let someone else play.

Joey: If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party?

Rachel: Okay, my turn!!

(Rachel spins the bottle and it lands on….wait for it….Joshua. (You thought I was going to say Ross, didn’t you?) Rachel squeals in delight and starts a slow sexy crawl over to Joshua, making sure he and everyone else watching gets a good look at her cleavage.)

Phoebe: Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!

All: Ohh!

Rachel: It’s okay! It’s okay! It kicked once, it’ll kick again!

All: Oh my God!

(They all stand up and go over to Phoebe to feel the baby, preventing Rachel from kissing Joshua.)

Rachel: All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.

(She crawls over to Joshua and kisses the back of his knee. He feels it and looks down, Rachel pretends she’s knocking a bug off his leg.)

Rachel: Just a bug.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, it is later in the party. The Spin the Bottle game is over and Chandler is making a sandwich as Phoebe watches.]

Phoebe: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded murder.

Chandler: Okay.

(He takes a bite out of the sandwich and as he does so, Phoebe attacks the other end and starts devouring the sandwich.)

Chandler: There’s a Phoebe on my sandwich! (He walks away, giving the sandwich to Phoebe.)

Joey: Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!

Phoebe: I can’t help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.

Joey: All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them, unless it’s with someone really hot?

Phoebe: Yeah, totally!

Joey: All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong, (He grabs two steaks from the freezer) do it right!

[Cut to later, Phoebe is finishing off her steak.]

Joey: Feel better now?

Phoebe: Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of cows.

Joey: Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.

Phoebe: What?

Joey: Well, I eat a lot of meat right?

Phoebe: Yeah.

Joey: Well, suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you’d just be eating my animals.

Phoebe: Joey, I can’t believe you would do that for me.

Joey: Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?

[Cut to Ross and Emily standing by the foosball table.]

Ross: Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.

(Rachel enters, she has changed once again. This time into her high school cheerleading uniform.)

Emily: But, we can’t go now. It looks like Rachel’s gonna put on a skit.

Monica: Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?

Rachel: No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn’t working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.

Monica: Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—(pause), actually I kinda want to see what happens.

Joshua: Hey!

Rachel: Hi!

Joshua: Nice uh, costume.

Rachel: Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay! (Runs into the living room) Ready! Okay! Gimme an ‘E!’

All: E!

Rachel: Gimme an ‘M!’

All: M!

Rachel: Gimme an ‘I!’

All: I!

Rachel: Gimme an ‘L!’

All: L!

Rachel: Gimme a ‘Y!’

All: Y!

Rachel: What do you get? (She throws her pom-poms to Joey and Phoebe and performs a cartwheel.) Emily!! (Tries to do another one.) Emil—Whoa!! (She falls in Chandler’s room.) Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum! (Gunther’s the only one that claps.)

(Joey and Monica rush over to her.)

Joey and Monica: Are you all right?

Rachel: I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. (She goes over to the ice and Joey and Monica follow her.) What do I do now? What do I do now?

Monica: I think you’re done.

Joey: Okay, time to take off the bra. (She glares at him.)

Joshua: Umm, that was really great, but I-I gotta take-off actually.

Joey: (trying not to be obvious) Take the bra off.

Rachel: All right, come on, let’s go get your coat.

Joshua: Okay.

(They both go to Chandler’s bedroom to get his coat.)

[Cut to Gunther and Emily.]

Gunther: Rachel is my girlfriend.

[Cut to Chandler’s bedroom.]

Joshua: So, this was uh, really fun.

Rachel: Oh, yeah! Real fun. (She makes a decision.) Y’know, this bra… Really, bothers me. (She starts taking off her bra.) Y’know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y’know what they’d say? Wanna hear some memories? (She is now violently pulling on her bra in order to remove it, but it isn’t co-operating.)

Joshua: Need uh, need a little hand there.

Rachel: Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.

Joshua: You really don’t seem like you do. That’s…

(She is still yanking on the bra, but it is stuck in her sleeve. Finally, she gives up.)

Rachel: Ughhhh!! Forget it! (Sits down heavily on the bed.) This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.

Joshua: Well, what was supposed to happen?

Rachel: Can you not look at me when I say this? (He turns around) I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.

Joshua: Huh. Oh, boy! (Sits down next to her.) Uhh, I-I don’t wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.

Rachel: Well, I’m sorry, I thought you needed them!

Joshua: No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you.

Rachel: Why?!

Joshua: Because I-I like you.

Rachel: You like me?

Joshua: Yeah! I mean you’re-you’re beautiful and smart and sophisticated—a lot of this isn’t based on tonight.

Rachel: Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can’t believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!

Joshua: But…

Rachel: Oh no-no-no don’t say but! No-no, but’s never good! Let’s just leave it at, you like me and I like you.

Joshua: Okay uh, however…

Rachel: Oh, now see that’s a fancy but.

Joshua: My marriage like just ended, and I’m really not ready to get into anything yet.

Rachel: But….

Joshua: I’m sorry, I, I just need a little time.

Rachel: Okay.

[Scene: The hallway, Ross is sitting on the step drinking a beer as Rachel comes out of the guys apartment.]

Rachel: Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua’s gone so you and Emily are free to go.

Ross: That’s okay. She’s still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it’s too late to do any of the things I had planned, so…

Rachel: Oh, Ross, I’m sorry. I completely ruined your evening.

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.

Ross: Helps a little.

Rachel: Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?

Ross: Yeah, have a seat.

Rachel: I’m so sorry.

Ross: That’s okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn’t want it to end this way, y’know?

Rachel: Well, maybe you didn’t want it to end?

Ross: What do you mean?

Rachel: You seem to really like her.

Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.

Rachel: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.

Ross: You think?

Rachel: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.

Ross: Hey, you’re right.

Rachel: Yeah.

Ross: Thanks. (He starts to go inside and stops.) What photo album was it?

Rachel: I don’t know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.

Ross: Oh my God! Those weren’t albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach! (He hurries inside and Chandler is taking out the garbage.)

Rachel: Hey.

Chandler: Hey.

Rachel: You’re a pathetic loser, right?

Chandler: Oh-ho, yeah!

Rachel: Sit!

(He does so, and immediately starts looking pathetic.)

Joshua: Hi. (He has just returned.)

Rachel: Oh my gosh, Joshua!

Joshua: All those things I said about not being ready…

Rachel: They’re not true?

Joshua: No, they’re-they’re all true.

Rachel: Oh.

Joshua: But…

Rachel: Oh! Oh, I love that but.

(They move to kiss, but realise that Chandler is staring at them. Chandler urges them on.)

Rachel: You wanna go inside and have some coffee?

Joshua: Yeah.

Rachel: Okay. (Joshua goes inside and to Chandler.) Every time.

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, the next day. Phoebe is busy making a sandwich.]

Joey: Oooh, what you got there?

Phoebe: Pastrami.

Joey: Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?

Phoebe: Hm-mm, corn beef.

Joey: Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?

Phoebe: Okay.

Joey: (He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.) Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?

Phoebe: Six months.

Joey: Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?

Phoebe: Not if I get there first.



[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching TV, and we hear Mr. Treeger in the bathroom.]

Mr. Treeger: Ohhh, man!!

Joey: (coming in from his bedroom) What is that?

Chandler: Treeger’s snaking the shower drain.

Mr. Treeger: What in the name of hell?

Joey: Maybe he found you flip-flop.

(Joey sits down and changes the channel, and we see two people making out.)

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must’ve hit something on the remote.

Chandler: Do we pay for this?

Joey: No, we didn’t even pay our cable bill—maybe this is how they punish us.

Chandler: Maybe we shouldn’t pay our phone bill—free phone sex.

Joey: Maybe we shouldn’t pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he just said.)

Mr. Treeger: (coming in from the bathroom) Whoa, hey, that lady’s all kinds of naked.

Chandler: Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!

Mr. Treeger: Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.

Chandler: Like finding money with naked people on it!

Mr. Treeger: Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I’m sad. (Exits.)

Joey: (to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, later that morning. The porn is still on, there are three women getting ready to shave the chest of some guy. Joey and Chandler are wondering why that guy is letting them shave his chest, and Monica and Rachel are eating breakfast at the foosball table.]

Rachel: All right, y’know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat? (She makes a move for the remote.)

Joey and Chandler: (stopping her) Oh no-no-no-no!

Chandler: We don’t know what could make this go away.

Joey: Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!

Chandler: And no one touches the air around the TV!

Joey: Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will, okay?

Monica: Well at least, I’m going to mute it.

Joey and Chandler: Oh no-no-no! (Monica mutes the TV and they tentatively look behind them)

Chandler: We still have porn.

Joey: Hey.

Phoebe: (entering, carrying her massage table) Hi!

Monica: Hi!

Rachel: Honey, what are you doing? That’s too heavy.

Phoebe: Yeah.

Rachel: Give it here. (She takes the table.) Oh, God. (And gives it to Monica right away.)

Monica: Okay.

Phoebe: Ohh, I’m getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y’know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table. (She goes over and stands in front of the TV.)

Chandler: Or a job where you don’t have to carry a table.

Phoebe: You mean like a doctor?

Joey: Pheebs! You’re blocking the porn! Look out!

Phoebe: Ohh! (She moves.) Oh my. Oh, that reminds me, I have to see my OB-GYN today.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering.]

Ross: Hi.

Monica: Hi.

Ross: So uh, Emily just went to the airport.

Monica: Oh. Why didn’t you take her?

Ross: Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y’know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so…

Monica: You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!

Ross: (Thinks about it.) Nah.

Monica: Hey, cheer up! You’re gonna see her again, right?

Ross: Well I, that’s the thing, I don’t know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, (In a British accent.) "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let’s just enjoy…"

Monica: (interrupting him) No-no-no, don’t-don’t do the accent. You’ve got to see her again.

Ross: And why do you care so much?

Monica: Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!

Ross: You had fantasies about Emily?

Monica: No! Y’know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.

Ross: Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?

Monica: Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!

Ross: Ahh.

Monica: Do you love her?

Ross: We said it was only going to be two weeks, y’know?

Monica: You love her!

Ross: What-what is love really?

Monica: Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You’re probably just gonna catch her just as she’s about to go to the gate. You’re gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she’s gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.

Ross: I am a good kisser.

Monica: Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in… (Ross looks at her.) I’ve been watching too much porn.

[Scene: Beth Israel Medical Center, Phoebe is at her OB-GYN doing an ultrasound, Rachel is with her. We here the baby’s heartbeat.]

Rachel: Is that the heartbeat?

The Doctor: That’s it.

Phoebe: Oh my God!

Rachel: Oh wow! This is so cool.

(The heartbeat changes, and we hear a different one.)

The Doctor: Have we talked about the possibility of multiple births?

Phoebe: Why don’t take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I’ll hold onto your card, okay?

The Doctor: No, I’m getting three separate heartbeats.

Phoebe: Three? You guys were worried I wouldn’t even have one!

The Doctor: Doctors are wrong all the time.

Phoebe: Well, yeah.

Rachel: Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!

The Doctor: Definitely. (Points out each head on the ultrasound.)

Phoebe: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I’m going to have three full grown babies just walkin’ around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it’s gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!

The Doctor: Actually, giving birth to three babies isn’t that different from giving birth to one.

Phoebe: What do you know?!

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there, waiting to tell Frank and Alice the news.]

Alice: (entering) Oh-oh, Phoebe!

Phoebe: Ooh! Hi!

Alice: Hi! (She runs over and hugs Phoebe’s stomach.) So, how did it go at the doctors?

Phoebe: Oh well, okay, hey, y’know how when you’re umm, you’re walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that’s nice?"

Frank: Yes.

Phoebe: Okay, yeah well, good news, you’re going to have three babies.

Alice: Three babies?

Frank: I finally got my band!

Alice: We’re gonna have a big family, I’ve always wanted a big family!

Phoebe: Oh God, I’m so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.

Frank: Why would we be freaked?

Phoebe: No, no maybe ‘cause it’s harder to raise them, and the added expense, and…

Frank: (They’re less than happy now) Oh.

Alice: Right.

Phoebe: No, back to happy. Back to happy!

Alice: No-no-no, no, it’s going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y’know it’ll-it’ll be like my very own little sweatshop.

Frank: Yeah, I’ve been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.

Alice: No, Frank.

Phoebe: No you can’t quit college! No! You’re in college? Really?

Frank: Yeah, refrigerator college.

Alice: Yeah.

Frank: Yeah, y’know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y’know I figured y’know like I should y’know have like a career—and I love refrigerators!

Phoebe: You can’t give up on your dream.

Frank: No, it’s okay. We’re-we’re gonna have three kids! And that’s-that’s a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.

[Scene: The airport, Emily is getting ready to board her flight to London.]

Ticket Agent: (On the P.A.) This is the boarding call for Flight 009.

Ross: Emily! (Runs up.)

Emily: Oh my God! What are you doing here? (They hug)

Ross: I just, I had to see you one more time before you took-off.

Emily: You are so sweet. (They kiss.)

Ross: That’s, that’s, that’s a big candy bar. (She’s holding one of those huge Toblerone bars.) I had the most amazing time with you.

Emily: Me too.

Ticket Agent: This is the final boarding call for Flight 009.

Emily: Well, that’ me. (They kiss again.) Here, have this. (She gives him the candy bar.) I’m only allowed one piece of carryon anyway. (She starts towards the jetway.)

Ross: (stops her) Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I’ve been thinking, I’m just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.

Emily: Oh. (She’s shocked and hugs him.) Thank you. (She boards the plane.)

Ross: That’s no problem.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Rachel is singing some kind of song.]

Rachel: What’s that song? It has been in my head all day long.

Chandler: It’s the theme from Good Will Humping.

Rachel: Y’know who doesn’t even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend Joshua.

Joey: Yeah right.

Rachel: No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.

Chandler: Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?

Rachel: Yes!

Joey: Yeah, he likes porn.

(Rachel starts to leave.)

Monica: Where ya going?

Rachel: I’m going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny. (As she exits, Phoebe enters.) Hey, Pheebs!

Phoebe: Hey.

Joey: Hey!

Monica: How did it go with Frank and Alice?

Phoebe: Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you (Points to Chandler) about, ‘cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.

Chandler: They don’t really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.

(Ross enters.)

Monica: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?

Ross: I did.

Monica: And well, what did she say?

Ross: Thank you.

Monica: Oh, you’re totally welcome! What’d she say?

Ross: She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."

Chandler: Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?

Joey: Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!

Ross: What do I do now?

Joey: You play hard to get.

Ross: She already lives in London.

Joey: Then you go to Tokyo.

Chandler: All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it’s over.

Monica: It is not over! You’re over!

Chandler: What?

Monica: You know!

Chandler: Okay. (Pause) Good one.

Monica: It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn’t, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go! (Tries to push Ross out the door.)

Ross: Okay! Okay! But if she doesn’t call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y’know just to she what’s going on, and, and she says she’ll call me back, but then she doesn’t. Then it’s over.

(Joey holds his fist up, and Chandler gives him two thumbs up.)

Joey: Way to be strong, man!

(Ross leaves, and after the door closes, Joey gives him the loser sign.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Joey enter having just woken up.]

Rachel: Hey!

Chandler: Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.

Rachel: Well, so, why don’t you just turn it off?

Chandler: Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.

Phoebe: (entering carrying a case) Ooh, good, you’re hear! Okay.

Monica: Hey!

Phoebe: Hi!

Rachel: Well, what-what ‘cha got there?

Phoebe: Oh this, well I’m glad you asked. (She opens the case and removes a knife and an soda can.) Now, don’t you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? (She efficiently cuts it in half.) Ahh! Now, I know what you’re thinking…

Chandler: Pregnant Woman Slays Four?

Monica: Phoebe, they didn’t make you pay for those knives, did they?

Phoebe: No!

Monica: Are you sure?

Phoebe: No!

Rachel: Honey, you’re not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.

Phoebe: No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.

Chandler: What’s the second part of your plan?

Phoebe: My Saturn dealership.

[Scene: Ross’s bedroom, he has fallen asleep waiting for Emily to call. He is awaken by the phone.]

Ross: (Answers the phone.) Hello?

Emily: Ross.

Ross: Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight?

Emily: It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.

Ross: No, no, that-that, that’s all right. Umm, I’m just glad you called.

Emily: Ross umm, there’s something that I’ve got to tell you, there’s-there’s someone else.

Ross: Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross is relating his recent conversation with Emily to the gang.]

Ross: She doesn’t know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.

Monica: This isn’t how it’s supposed to go, there can’t be another guy.

Ross: Well…

Monica: Of course there’s another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!

Ross: I’m not proving anything. Okay, I’m done listening to you. If I hadn’t let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would’ve put my fist through the wall!

Chandler: You put your fist through the wall?

Ross: No, I missed and hit the door. But, it opened really hard!

Monica: You have to go to London!

Ross: What?

Monica: Yeah, you have to go fight for her!

Joey: Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. ‘Cause you already told her you love her and she didn’t say it back, then she called you and told you that there’s another guy, so yeah, go to London that’ll scare her!

Monica: When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?

Ross: I made fun of his accent.

Monica: You sat back and let him have her, you didn’t fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?

Ross: No.

Monica: All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! (Points to the TV.) That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!

Ross: Really?

Monica: Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don’t let her go without a fight!

Ross: All right. All right, I’m gonna do it!

Monica: All right.

Ross: I’m gonna, I’m gonna go to London and I’m going to fight for her.

Monica: Okay, good luck!

(Ross starts to leave.)

Joey: Ross! Ross! If you’re going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars? (Chandler nods his head no.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Joey, and Chandler are sitting and talking as Phoebe and Rachel enter.]

Rachel: Hey!

Phoebe: Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I’m gonna open up my own massage place and Frank’s gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn’t have to quit school!

Monica: That’s sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?

Rachel: Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised…

Phoebe: I’m telling it! I’m telling it!

Rachel: Okay.

Phoebe: Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I’ve got?

Chandler: A place where no one will ever get out alive?

Phoebe: No! Think about it, it’s a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it’s…

Rachel: (interrupting) Relaxi-Taxi!

Phoebe: The name was my favourite part!

Rachel: Well, well I can up with it!

Phoebe: YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! That’s not good.

Rachel: Well, I…

(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)

Monica: Hello.

Ross: (on phone) Hey.

Monica: Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?

[Cut to Ross in one of those British phone booths.]

Ross: No, because she hasn’t come home yet. And she hasn’t been home all night! She’s obviously staying with that other guy, and I’m the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!

Monica: All right. When is, when is the next flight out?

Ross: About four hours.

Monica: Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn’t show up by then, then just come on home.

Phoebe: Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that’s better than Relaxi Cab.

Rachel: Okay, it’s not Relaxi Cab. It’s Relaxicab, like taxicab.

Phoebe: Oh, that is better.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, later that same night. There is a knock on the door and Chandler answers it to reveal Emily standing behind it.]

Chandler: Are we in London?

Monica: What are you doing here? You can’t be here!

Emily: I’ve uh, I’ve come to talk to Ross.

(She sets her bag down on the foosball table and Joey sees the Toblerone bar sticking out of it and gazes longingly at it.)

Emily: What?

Joey: (pause) Nothing. No, nothing.

Emily: I was going to call him, but…

Monica: Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! (Points at Chandler) I was right! (Points to Emily) I’m right, right?

Emily: I’d really rather talk to him.

Monica: Oh.

Emily: I uh, I’ve been to his apartment and he wasn’t there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?

[Cut to London, we sit Ross sitting outside Emily’s apartment. We hear Emily’s phone ring with amazing clarity. Apparently, sound travels quite easily through the walls of British buildings. Anyhoo, Ross looks around for the ringing phone and in the meantime Emily’s answering machine picks up and once again with amazing clarity we hear Emily say…]

Emily: Ross, are you there? Ross, I don’t know if you can hear this but… (Ross has moved to the window, apparently so that he can hear better.) I’m gonna talk anyway, uh, I’m in the States with you sister and your friends and it’s all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you—Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.

Ross: (yelling, thinking Emily can hear him through the answering machine all the way to New York.) I love you too! I’m, I’m gonna call you right now from the phone booth! (Realises) You can’t hear me. (Goes to make his call.)

Emily: I wish I could know if you’d heard any of that. I suppose I’ve either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you’re listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there’s not much chance you did heard that, and there’s the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. (Answers the call waiting.) Hello.

Ross: Hi.

Emily: Ross, I love you!

Ross: Ohh! Thank you.

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is still watching the porn as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Hey.

Chandler: I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn’t ask me to go do it with her in the vault.

Joey: Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!

Chandler: What, no, "Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge?"

Joey: Noo! Nothing!

Chandler: Y’know what, we have to turn off the porn.

Joey: I think you’re right.

(Goes over and picks up the remote.)

Chandler: All right, ready?

Joey: One.

Chandler: Two.

Both: Three.

(Chandler turns off the porn and sets the remote down.)

Joey: That’s kinda nice.

Chandler: Yeah, that’s kinda a relief.

Joey: Yeah.

(Pause.)

Chandler: You wanna see if we still have it?

Joey: Yeah.

(Chandler turns on the TV and…)

Chandler: FREE PORN!!!

Joey: Yeah!!
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are there as Phoebe enters carrying a drum.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Chandler: Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.

Phoebe: (not amused) Ha-ha. (She sits down on the couch.) No, it’s just I’m so pregnant that I—my guitar doesn’t fit anymore. So I thought ‘til I’m not, I’m just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!

Chandler: All right.

Phoebe: Listen. Listen. (She starts to play and sing.) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?

Joey: Wow, Pheebs! That sounds great!

Phoebe: I know! I know, and I’ve only been playing for like an hour!

Alice: (entering) Phoebe! Phoebe! Hi! Hi!

Phoebe: Hey! What are you doing here?

Alice: Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.

Phoebe: Oh, well, don’t tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.

Alice: (laughs) No. No. No. (Sits down.) Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.

Chandler: Wouldn’t that be Frank the III?

Alice: Don’t get me started. (To Phoebe) Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.

Phoebe: Wow! That’s so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.

Alice: You think about it. (Leaves)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, he and Emily are getting ready to go to the airport.]

Emily: I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribly traumatised?

Ross: Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.

Emily: (checks the clock) Ohh, it’s time to go.

Ross: Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?

Emily: Well that’s ambitious.

(They kiss but are interrupted by a knock on the door.)

Ross: Hey, uh, you can ignore that.

Emily: That’s Carol with your son!

Ross: Uhh, believe me when he’s older, he’ll understand.

Carol: (knocking on the door) Ross!

Ross: I’ll be right there. (He goes over and opens the door to Carol, Susan, and Ben.) (To Ben.) Hello! (To Carol.) Hello! (To Susan.) Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.

Susan: Hey, it’s so nice to finally meet you!

Emily: Me too!

Carol: Ohh, y’know, Susan’s gonna be shooting a commercial in London next week.

Susan: Oh yeah, I’m so excited, I’ve never been there.

Emily: Oh, well, I’ll show you around.

Susan: That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions…

Emily: Oh, there’s tonnes of terrific stuff—I’ll go with you!

Susan: Ahh!

(Ross accidentally, on purpose, bumps into Susan.)

Ross: Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so…

Emily: Are you all right?

Susan: Oh, he’s fine. He’s fine. It’s just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn’t like me.

Ross: Oh come on! That’s-that’s… true.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are playing foosball as Phoebe enters.]

Phoebe: Hi!

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?

Phoebe: Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book (Holds up a book) and found nothing! I want a name that’s really like, y’know strong and confident, y’know? Like-like Exxon.

Chandler: Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.

Joey: Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?

Phoebe: No, I’m-I’m not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."

Joey: Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they’re hanging out with Joey."

Chandler: Hey, y’know what, if you’re gonna do that, if you’re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. (Phoebe doesn’t think so.) Oh, come on! Chandler’s funny, sophisticated, and he’s very loveable, once you get to know him.

Joey: Oh well, hey, Joey’s loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he’ll be there.

Chandler: Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he’ll be there. And he’ll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you’re really hot.

Joey: What do ya say? What do ya say?

Phoebe: Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. (They both stare at her.) But, all right, I don’t—maybe I’ll just name him The Hulk.

Joey: I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica is cooking and Rachel is getting ready for a date with Joshua.]

Rachel: Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing. (She’s holding two frilly, lace nighties.)

Monica: Y’know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people’s sex clothes.

Rachel: Sorry. I’m so exited! I’ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I’m making him a very fancy meal.

Monica: Um-hmm.

Rachel: What am I making him by the way?

Monica: Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.

Rachel: I thought I was making him filet mignon?

Monica: Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you (Points at Rachel) bitched about it, then you (Points to herself) would stop cooking, and you (Points at Rachel) would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.

Rachel: Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Ross: So uh, Emily called last night…

Chandler: And now you’re giving me the message!

Ross: Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re going to dinner! They’re going horseback riding!

Phoebe: God, Susan is so fun!

Ross: Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was: "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."

Chandler: You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?

Ross: Hey, they’re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful—didn’t you see Personal Best?

Joey: No, but I’m gonna!

Chandler: Hi! Hi! You’re crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.

Ross: How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!

Phoebe: Yeah, I definitely. I don’t like the name Ross.

Ross: What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.

Phoebe: No! No! I-I meant for the baby!

Ross: Oh. What’s wrong with Ross?

Phoebe: Well, it’s just y’know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y’know…

Ross: Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found… (Sees everyone staring at him and stops.) Y’know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend’s a lesbian. (Leaves.)

Phoebe: So, I decided I’m definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.

Joey: Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.

Chandler: Raymond Chandler.

Joey: Someone you didn’t make up!

Chandler: Okay, there are no famous Joey’s. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.

Joey: Yeah, that guy really hurt us.

Phoebe: Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?

Chandler: Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he’ll never be President. There’s never gonna be a President Joey.

Joey: All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It’s not even a name; it’s barely even a word. Okay? It’s kinda like chandelier, but it’s not! All right? It’s a stupid, stupid non-name!

Chandler: Wow, you’re, you’re right. I have a horrible, horrible name.

Joey: I’m sorry man, I didn’t—I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. (Goes over and comforts him.)

Chandler: Okay.

Joey: So I guess it’s Joey then!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is on her dinner date with Joshua.]

Joshua: This is so nice. Thank you for doing this.

Rachel: Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me. (They kiss.) Ahh. So, dig in!

Joshua: Great! Oh, it all looks sooo good!

Rachel: (taking a bite) Hmmm!

Joshua: Oh my God!

Rachel: Oh I know, my God, this is so—this rice is so—I am so good.

Joshua: Behind you?

Rachel: (sees the chick and the duck) Oh, yeah, I’m sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.

Joshua: (getting up and backing away from they.) Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It’s just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me out!

Rachel: Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.

(Rachel gets up and ushers them into the hall, as they pass Joshua, he leaps onto the counter to avoid them. Rachel drops them off in the hall, and knocks on Joey’s door.)

Joey: (answering the door.) Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.)

[Cut back to Rachel’s date.]

Rachel: All gone! So, farm birds, huh?

Joshua: Yeah, it’s-it’s my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would’ve told you about it, but I didn’t know they would be here.

Rachel: Oh.

Joshua: So, all right.

(They both sit back down.)

Rachel: Okay. So, can I serve you a little of—What? What? What? (She sees that Joshua isn’t relaxed.)

Joshua: Nothing I uh, it’s just that I know that they’re still out there.

Rachel: But, they’re across the hall! I mean that’s two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.

Joshua: Okay, that’s-that’s not funny. Uhh.

Rachel: Okay, y’know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y’know go to your apartment.

Joshua: Oh, they’re working on this week, it’s a total mess. But uh, I’m staying at my parents’ house, we could go there.

Rachel: Your parents’?

Joshua: Yeah, they’re out of town.

Rachel: Ohh.

Joshua: Yeah-yeah, it’s this huge place, and-and it’s got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very romantic. What do you say?

Rachel: Yeah that works.

(He moves to kiss her, but stops when he hears the duck.)

Joshua: They-they-they can smell fear.

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, Carol has come to pick up Ben.]

Ross: (opening the door.) Hey!

Carol: Hey! How’s Ben?

Ross: Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he’s sweeping. (We see Ben playing with a broom and a dustpan.)

Carol: Hey, Ben! Hey!

Ross: So umm, any word from Susan?

Carol: Ooh, yeah! She said she’s having sooo much fun with Emily.

Ross: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don’t know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?

Carol: What’s too much fun?

Ross: Y’know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.

Carol: Oh my God, you are so paranoid!

Ross: Am I?!

Carol: Yes!

Ross: Am I?!

Carol: I can’t speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.

Ross: Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y’know? Say-say they’re coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they’re laughing, y’know, someone innocently touches someone else… There’s electricity, it’s new. It’s exciting. Are you telling me there isn’t even the slightest possibility of something happening?

Carol: Maybe.

Ross: OH MY GOD!! I didn’t really believe it until you just said it!!

[Scene: Joshua’s parents’ apartment, Rachel and Joshua are entering.]

Joshua: …and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!

Rachel: Wow! This place is fabulous!

Joshua: Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.

Rachel: Whoa-whoa, there’s two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must’ve been a real babe magnet.

Joshua: Yeah, well, it would’ve been, but uh, my parents just moved here.

Rachel: Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?

(They kiss.)

Joshua: Hey, here’s an idea. Why don’t uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?

Rachel: That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?

Joshua: Oh yeah, yeah uh, it’s down the hall and uh, second door to your left.

Rachel: Ah.

(She goes down the hall. Joshua goes to put the food away when his parents walk in.)

Mrs. Burgin: Oh, hi, darling!

Joshua: Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?

Mrs. Burgin: Oh, well we cut the trip short.

Mr. Burgin: France sucks!

Joshua: Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here.

Mrs. Burgin: Oh, say no more!

Mr. Burgin: We’ll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we’ll be right out of you hair.

Joshua: Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn’t even get to Italy?

Mr. Burgin: Yep, sucks!

(They all go into the kitchen. Just then, Rachel comes back from the bathroom; she had removed her dress and is wearing nothing but a lace nightie. She tries to find someplace seductive to wait for Joshua. She tries to sit on the piano, but it makes too much noise. So she goes over to the couch and kinda half lays down to wait for Joshua. Joshua comes in from the kitchen, sees Rachel, and freezes.)

Rachel: Hi you!

Joshua: Oh my God!

Rachel: I know, I can do more than cook.

(Just then, his parents enter. Rachel gasps.)

Mr. Burgin: I like her. She sees smart.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Joshua’s parents’ apartment, continued from earlier.]

Joshua: Uhh, Rachel, my parents…

Rachel: Ohh! It’s so nice to meet you. (She goes over and shakes their hands.) Hello.

Mr. Burgin: Hi.

Rachel: Hello.

Mrs. Burgin: Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.

Rachel: What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It’s-it’s, they’re-they’re wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale’s, so… And obviously in uh, in-in this case, (She grabs a pen and paper) I am going to report back, "USA not ready."

Mrs. Burgin: Maybe in L.A?

Rachel: Yes!

Joshua: There you go.

Mr. Burgin: So, have you kids eaten yet?

Rachel: Well, we were going to do that after—I mean umm, next.

Mr. Burgin: Well, we’re starving, why don’t we all go get something to eat?

Rachel: Oh, yeah, well… Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin’ around the house.

Mr. Burgin: So… We go eat.

Rachel: Yes.

Mr. Burgin: You’ll wear that. We’ll be eating, and of course, you’ll be wearing that.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is looking for a new name in Phoebe’s book of names.]

Joey: Dude, I am sorry about what I said!

Chandler: No, no, you’re right, it is a ridiculous name!

Joey: It’s not that bad.

Chandler: Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.

Joey: So, you’re just Bing?

Chandler: I have no name.

Phoebe: All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?

Chandler: Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.

Joey: No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.

Chandler: Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?

Phoebe: Umm, Gene.

Chandler: It’s Clint. It’s Clint! (He heads for his bedroom.)

Joey: See you later, Gene.

Phoebe: Bye, Gene.

Chandler: It’s Clint! Clint!

Joey: What’s up with Gene?

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is telling Phoebe and Monica of her date.]

Monica: So, you wore your nightie to dinner?

Rachel: Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.

Phoebe: Oh my God!

Monica: Oh, no!

Rachel: No, it’s all right. I got nice boobs. (Phoebe and Monica nod there heads in agreement.)

Ross: (returning from the phone.) So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!

Rachel: So?

Ross: So! Poetry? Susan’s gay! They’re being gay together!

Monica: Emily’s straight.

Ross: Oh, wake up!

Phoebe: Wow, Carol really messed you up!

Ross: Excuse me?

Phoebe: Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. (They all look at her.) All right, so I don’t know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.

Ross: Look, I don’t know what you’re talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.

Rachel: Huh.

Ross: What?

Rachel: She’s totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.

Monica: This totally makes sense!

Ross: It does not!

Monica: Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren’t jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!

Phoebe: All right, all right, so up until ‘92-93 he was very trusting, then ’94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!

Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely!

Monica: This is so much fun!

Ross: This is not fun!

Monica: Look, all we’re trying to say is, don’t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.

Phoebe: Yeah. The ’92 Ross wouldn’t.

Ross: Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.

Rachel: What—yeah—what, y’know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is showing off more of her drum skills to Joey by rubbing one of the sticks back and forth across the drum.]

Phoebe: Drum roll.

Chandler: (entering) Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?

Joey: Nah, you’re not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.

Chandler: All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.

Phoebe: You’re actually going through with this?

Chandler: Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it’s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women… So, as of 4 o’clock tomorrow, I’m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.

Phoebe: You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact—yes, (To Joey) I’m, I’m sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I’m-I’m, I’m gonna, I’m gonna name the baby Chandler.

Chandler: (pleased) Really?!

Phoebe: Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!

Chandler: Okay. Thanks.

Phoebe: Okay!

Chandler: You wanna hug it out?

Phoebe: Yeah!

(They both hug.)

Phoebe: Yay!

Chandler: Yay!

Phoebe: Yay—oh—yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!

Chandler: Okay!

Phoebe: Ooh, uh… (She grabs her coat and runs out.)

Chandler: Bye, Pheebs!

Phoebe: Okay, bye!

(She exits, and after the door is closed, Chandler turns to Joey and…)

Chandler: Ha! Ha! Ha!

Joey: Ohh! (Realises it was all a trick to get Phoebe to name the baby Chandler.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: The Airport, Carol and Ross are waiting for Emily and Susan to deplane. A gorgeous woman walks by and they both turn to watch her go.]

Ross: Nice luggage.

Carol: I was gonna say…

(Susan and Emily get off.)

Susan: Hey!

(They both run and hug they’re respective partners.)

Ross: Hi!

Emily: Hey! I missed you.

Ross: Oh, I missed you too.

Susan: (To Emily) Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.

Emily: Oh, so did I.

(They hug and give each other a little peck on the cheek.)

Ross: (To Carol) No tongue. (And gives her the thumbs up.)


[Scene: Rachel’s bedroom; Rachel is awoken by a man singing in the next apartment.]

The Singing Man: (singing, duh) Morning’s here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning’s here! The morning’s here!

Rachel: HEY!! Do you have to do that? It’s Saturday!

The Singing Man: Oh come on! Morning’s here! (Starts singing) Morning’s here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!

(Rachel slams shut her window and storms into the living room, where Joey and Monica are eating breakfast.)

Rachel: I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!

Joey: Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning’s here! Morning is here—

Rachel: Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.

Monica: Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.

Rachel: Monica, you don’t even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!

Monica: Y’know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!

Rachel: I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.

Monica: Okay.

Joey: See, this is a great apartment.

Monica: Shut up! This place is a hole!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Ross’s bedroom; Ross and Emily are making out. Ross as a new feature.]

Emily: Oh, blimey, I still can’t believe you’ve got an earring!

(Yep, it’s a little gold loop.)

Ross: Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe? (Shakes his head around, pretending like he’s jamming.)

Emily: He does that?!

Ross: Uh, I don’t know, whatever.

Emily: I think it makes you look really dangerous.

Ross: Oh, I know. Y’know what, I never would’ve gotten this if it weren’t for you. No really, when I’m with you I’m-I’m like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!

Emily: I love both of you!

Ross: Yeah?

(They kiss.)

Emily: I wish I didn’t have to go.

Ross: Then don’t. Stay here. Just don’t go so soon to London, just one more day.

Emily: Ohh, Ross, please!

Ross: One more day, seriously/

Emily: Don’t do this to me, again. You’d know I’d stay here in a minute, but I’d really miss so much work, they’ll fire me.

Ross: So, then you can stay as long as you want.

Emily: I wish I could.

Ross: Oh no. Don’t, don’t, don’t start packing. Come on! (She puts some clothes into her bag, and Ross throws them out.)

Emily: I don’t think you understand packing. Look, I just don’t want to leave it to the last minute. Last time I left in such a rush, I left my knickers here.

Ross: Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.

Emily: You didn’t!

Ross: No. No, I didn’t. I didn’t want to be that guy.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are watching one of those Kung Fu movies and imitating the moves.]

Phoebe: (entering, wearing Santa pants) Hello!

Chandler: Ho! Ho! Ho!

Phoebe: Excuse me.

Chandler: Your pants!

Phoebe: Oh, yeah! You like ‘em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!

Joey: Uhh, Pheebs, those are uh, those are Santa pants.

Phoebe: What?

Chandler: Santa pants. (Phoebe still doesn’t get it.) Santa Claus’s pants.

Phoebe: Nuh-uh! They’re maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. (Pulls out a sheet of paper which lists who’s been naughty and who’s been nice.) See, these names are good, and these names are bad. (Finally, she figures it out.) Ohh.

Rachel: (entering) Hey!

Monica: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: So—Hey, Pheebs! So, how are the elves?

Phoebe: I don’t know! How are the-the-the-the, y’know—You’re clothes aren’t funny.

Monica: Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?

Chandler: Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don’t belong here."

Joey: You have Knicks tickets?

Rachel: Yeah, my mom got my dad’s season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.

Monica: Yeah, apparently, they’re pretty good seats.

Rachel: Yeah.

Joey: (examining the tickets) Oh my God! Those are almost right on the floor!

Rachel: Do you guys want these?

Joey: Yeah!

Chandler: Yeah we do!

Rachel: Ohh, well you got ‘em.

Both: All right!

Rachel: Just give us our apartment back!

Phoebe: Boy! I didn’t see that coming!

Chandler: Are you serious?

Rachel: Oh, come on! We know what these are worth.

Monica: Yeah, what, do you think we’re stupid?

Joey: You’re not stupid. You’re meaner than I thought.

Monica: What do you say?

Chandler: Forget it! Okay, I’m not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!

Rachel: You’re bachelor pad?!

Monica: Have you even had a girl up here?

Chandler: No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.

Joey: Yeah, you do!

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is whining to Chandler about the tickets.]

Joey: Come on!

Chandler: (ignoring him) Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?

Gunther: Good one.

Joey: Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?

Chandler: Forget it! Okay, I’m not giving up the apartment.

Joey: Oh come—look, when I was a kid my dad’s company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn’t in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!

Ross: (entering) Hey, guys! (They both notice his new little friend)

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Oh my God!

Joey: We don’t make enough fun of you already?

Ross: Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.

Chandler: You do know that Wham broke up?

Ross: I like it, and Emily likes it, and that’s what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?

Joey: Oh-no, don’t try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.

Chandler: Where is Emily?

Ross: Ugh, she’s saying good-bye to her uncle.

Chandler: Man, didn’t she like just get here?

Ross: Yeah!! Yeah!

Chandler: Easy tiger.

Ross: I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it’s-it’s so great. But at the same time I’m thinking, "Well, I’m gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."

Chandler: So what are you going to do?

Ross: Nothing! There’s nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she’d have to uh, move here. She should move here!

Joey: What?

Ross: I could ask her to live with me!

Chandler: Are you serious?

Ross: I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!

Chandler: Because you’ve only known her for six weeks! Okay, I’ve got a carton of milk in my fridge I’ve had a longer relationship with!

Ross: Look guys, when I’m with her it’s-it’s-it’s like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y’know?

Chandler: And I love the milk! But, I’m not gonna some British girl to move in with me! (Realizes that made no sense.) Joey, you say things now.

Joey: All right look, Ross, he’s right. Emily’s great, she’s great! But this way too soon, you’re only gonna scare her!

Ross: I don’t want to do that.

Joey: No! You don’t want to wreck it, you don’t want to go to fast!

Ross: Yeah, no, you’re right, I know, you’re right, I’m not, I’m not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys. (Gets up to leave.)

Chandler: Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, later that same day. Joey and Chandler are eating pizza, and Phoebe is trying to knit something.]

Phoebe: That’s too hard. Too hard!

Monica: (entering with Rachel) All right boys, last chance for the tickets!

Rachel: Or I’ll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.

Chandler: No thank you.

Joey: Wait-wait-wait-wait! (To Chandler) Come on! Come on, let’s trade! The timing’s perfect, I just clogged the toilet!

Chandler: Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can’t leave in the small apartment after we’ve lived here! Didn’t you ever read Flowers for Algernon?

Joey: Yes! Didn’t you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn’t read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!

Chandler: Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.

Joey: It’s the Knicks!

Chandler: Screw the Knicks!

Joey: Whoa!

Chandler: I didn’t mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.

Joey: Huh.

Chandler: And the Knicks rule all.

Joey: Yeah, the Knicks rule all!

Phoebe: Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?

Chandler: No. No. We’re not gonna do that, y’know why? Because its not an even trade.

Rachel: All right, okay, look, what if you could keep the apartment and get the tickets?

Joey: Done!

Rachel: Let me finish.

Joey: Oh.

Rachel: I’m talking about a bet, winner takes all.

Joey: Ooh, we could end up with nothing.

Phoebe: Or you could end up with everything.

Joey: Ooh, I like that.

Monica: All right, so what do you say?

Chandler: No!

Monica: Oh, just do it!!

Chandler: Op, op, I’m convinced!

Joey: Come on man, you know I’d do it for you! Because, you’re my best friend.

Chandler: All right, but you can’t use that again for a whole year. I’m in.

Joey: All right!

Phoebe: Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?

Rachel: Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she’s the only who’s impartial, and she’s so pretty.

Phoebe: Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh—oh, I have a game!

Joey: Okay!

Chandler: Okay!

Phoebe: This is great!

Joey: What’s the game?! What’s the game?!

Phoebe: Oh, well, it doesn’t have a name—oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn’t have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?

Monica: They’re green?

Phoebe: Good! Good! Five points!

(They both rejoice; Chandler is totally confused.)

Phoebe: All right, Joey, same question.

(He looks to Chandler, who doesn’t have a clue.)

Joey: Uhh, they’re tall.

Phoebe: Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy.

(Joey turns and is angry that Chandler didn’t come up with the answer.)

Monica: That’s not even a game!

Rachel: What? Shut up! We’re winning!

Monica: You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?

Chandler: Fine, let’s do it.

Phoebe: Oh, I have cards!

Joey: Oh.

Monica: Oh, good.

Phoebe: Yeah! Here! (She grabs a deck out of her purse) Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.

Chandler: Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first

Rachel: Okay.

Monica: Okay. (She picks a card.) Four.

Chandler: That’s a low one!

Joey: Yeah! Okay. (Joey picks a card.) Phoebe, you look, I can’t.

Phoebe: What make you think I can?! (Shields her eyes from it.)

Joey: Okay. Okay. (He looks at the card.) Ace!

(Both Joey and Chandler and Monica and Rachel jump up and down for joy.)

Chandler: Why are you screaming and hugging?

Monica: Because we won our apartment back!

Joey: What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!

Monica: No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!

(They all look to Phoebe to settle this.)

Phoebe: I don’t know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! (She fans out the trick deck.) Ah-ha!

Rachel: All right, cut, let’s pick again, pick again.

Joey: Okay.

Rachel: Come on apartment! Come on apartment! (Picks a card.) Oh! I know queen is high!

Joey: Uh-huh, not as high as…(picks a card) It worked! King!

Chandler: Yeah baby!

Monica: But, we pick again! We pick again!

Joey: Why?!

Monica: I don’t know!

Chandler: Tickets please! (Rachel hands over the tickets) That’s courtside baby!

Joey: Seriously, good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them, but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!

Chandler: No they didn’t!

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, Emily has packed as Ross returns.]

Ross: Hey!

Emily: I packed while you were gone. I left some knickers under your pillow.

Ross: (laughs) Move in with me.

Emily: What?!

Ross: Don’t be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it’s too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.

Emily: Ohh, no. Ugh. Oh, leaving London, my whole family lives there.

Ross: I know.

Emily: My job!

Ross: Well, so, you-you’ll get a job here! I mean, I’m always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!

Emily: Yeah, but it-it-it’s my whole life—you come to England.

Ross: No, I can’t. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can’t leave him. Isn’t—you don’t think there’s any way?

Emily: Ohh, I don’t think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future –and-and-and we were getting married or something.

Ross: What?

Emily: Oh no, no, right I shouldn’t have said married. Uh, please don’t go freaky on me. I didn’t mean it. Well, I didn’t say it; I take it back!

Ross: No, no, don’t. Why don’t we?

Emily: Why don’t we what?

Ross: Get married.

Emily: You are mad!

Ross: No! No! I’m not! It’s-it’s-it’s perfect! I mean it’s better than you just-just moving here, ‘cause it’s us together forever, and that’s-that’s what I want.

Emily: We’ve only known each other for six weeks!

Ross: Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who’s-who’s to say? Does that me we-we can’t do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn’t it?

Emily: My parents are going to be really mad.

Ross: Is that—are you saying yes? Is that yes?

Emily: Yes.

(They kiss and hug.)

Emily: Yes!

Ross: Yes! We’re getting married?!

Emily: Oh my God!

Ross: Yes!

Emily: We’re getting married!

Ross: Come here, come here. Uh, (He takes the earring out.) ow! Emily, will you marry me?

Emily: Yes.

(He tries to put it on her finger.)

Emily: Ohh, it’s a bit small.

Ross: Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!

Emily: It was.

(They kiss.)

Commerical Break

[Scene: The hallway, Joey and Chandler are coming back from the game.]

Chandler: Those were like the best seats ever.

Joey: Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y’know, kinda like a peace offering.

Chandler: Oh yeah, that’s very nice. Plus, y’know they were free and they’re too small.

(He knocks on the girls’ door and walks in. Surprise! The girls, obviously using Star Trek technology, have completely moved everything in both apartments back to their original positions, all in the time it took for the guys to go to a basketball game. Wow! Anyhoo, Chandler is stunned, and Joey doesn’t even realise it.)

Chandler: Oh. Oh, God! (He starts running around like a chicken with his head cut off.)

Joey: Hey, want a beer? (Hands him a beer and sits down in one of the chairs.) (Jumping up.) WHOA!!!!

Chandler: I KNOW!!!

(They both sprint to what used to be their apartment.)

Chandler: Open up! Open up! Open up!

(A very angry Monica opens the door with the security chain still on.)

Monica: We’ll discuss it, in the morning! (Slams the door shut.)

Chandler: What the hell is going on?!

(It’s Rachel’s turn to open the door.)

Rachel: We took our apartment back!! (Slams the door shut.)

Phoebe: (opening the door) I had nothing to do with it. (Closes the door.) (Opens the door.) Okay, it was my idea, but I don’t feel good about it.

(She goes to close the door, but Chandler puts his foot it in.)

Chandler: We are switching back, right now!

Monica: No, we’re not! We’re not leaving!

Chandler: Well, you’re gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we’re switching it back! There’s nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?

Joey: I don’t know.

Chandler: What?

Joey: I don’t want to move again!

Chandler: I don’t care, this is our apartment! And they stole—you stole it—our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I’m getting back right now!

(They open the door.)

Rachel: All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.

Chandler: Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can’t offer anything to us!

Rachel: Let us keep the apartment and…

Monica: As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.

[Time lapse. The guys are entering their apartment.]

Chandler: Totally worth it!

Joey: That was one good minute!

Chandler: Good night.

Joey: Good night.

(They both go back into their old rooms and shut the doors. Of course, Chandler has to close both sections of his door.)

[Cut to the girls apartment.]

Monica: Men are such idiots.

Rachel: Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?

Phoebe: That’s so funny to think if you’d just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.

Monica: Yeah, let-let-let’s pretend that’s not true.

Rachel: Yeah.

Phoebe: Okay, scarf’s done. (It’s not really a scarf, it’s just a bunch of yarn that Phoebe has tied together. Just then, Ross and Emily enter dragging with them Joey and Chandler.)

Ross: Come on! Come on. Come on.

Chandler: Okay!

Phoebe: Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Monica: What-what’s going on?

Joey: Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.

Ross: Uhh, okay, it’s uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married.

(The gang is stunned.)

Phoebe: What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!

Emily: Umm, no.

Monica: When, when did—how, how did you…

Ross: We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.

Emily: I mean, we know it’s a bit hasty but, uh, it just feels so right, so…

(Rachel slowly walks in from her bedroom. She is stunned speechless.)

Ross: (turning around.) Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys…

Rachel: Yeah, I-I heard. (Pause, everyone looks at each other, waiting for Rachel’s reaction.) I think it’s great! (Hugs Ross.) Ohh, I’m so happy for you!

(Seeing Rachel’s apparently okay with this, the rest of the gang jumps up to congratulate Ross and Emily on their pending nuptials.)

Chandler: Oh, well, that’s great!

Joey: Yeah! Yeah!

Monica: (to Ross) I can’t believe you’re getting married!

Ross: Yeah. (They hug again.)

Joey: Monica and Rachel made out. (Giggles like a schoolboy and Monica glares at him.)

Closing Credits

[Scene: Joey’s bedroom, he is awoken by the singing guy.]

The Singing Man: (singing) Morning’s here! The morning’s here!

(Joey joins him.)

Both: Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning’s here!

The Singing Man: Hey! You’re back!

Joey: Hey! (Singing) Get into gear!

The Singing Man: (singing) Breakfast is near!

Both: The dark of night has disappeared!!

The Singing Man: I’ll see you tomorrow morning!

Joey: (happily) Okay!


[Scene: Joey’s bedroom, he is asleep and snoring loudly. Chandler enters wondering who left their engine running.]

Chandler: Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!

Joey: (joining in, in his sleep) Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!

(Chandler acts disgusted, but is happy that Joey has stopped snoring. However, just as he is about to leave, Joey starts snoring again. So to get him to stop, he slams the door shut, waking Joey.)

Chandler: Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is getting another cup of coffee.]

Chandler: Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? (Gunther starts to pour him another cup.) So uh, what do you do when you’re not working here?

Gunther: You don’t need to fill these silences.

Chandler: Oh, okay, thanks. (He goes back to the couch and rejoins Monica, Joey, and Phoebe.)

Monica: Chandler, that’s like your fourth cup of coffee!

Chandler: Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!

Monica: He’s in a different room! He’s really that loud?

Joey: (proudly) Oh, you should here me.

Chandler: It’s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!

Joey: Look, I told ya, I’m not going to any clinic! I don’t have a problem, you’re the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!

Chandler: They don’t have those.

Joey: Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you’ve just had your first class!

Monica: Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over…

Joey: Ohhh, yeah!

Monica: He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.

Chandler: Next time you snore, I’m rolling ya over!

Joey: I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.

Ross: (entering) Hey guys!

Chandler: Hey, all right!

Phoebe: Hey!

(Joey starts humming Here Come the Bride.)

Phoebe: Oh, the Olympics.

Monica: Have you guys picked a date yet?

Ross: Oh no, not yet.

Phoebe: I still cannot believe you’re engaged! (Ross looks at her) Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a loser.

Ross: Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?

Monica: Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I don’t care if those dishes sit in the sink until they’re all covered with—I’ll do them when I get home!

Ross: Yeah—oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London…

Phoebe: Already?!

Ross: Yeah, but it didn’t fit. Well, luckily there’s a store here that has one left in her size, but I’m the groom, I’m not supposed to see the dress…

Monica: I’ll pick it up for you!

Ross: Thank you.

Monica: Okay.

Chandler: Oh, she’s got you running errands, y’know, picking up wedding dresses… (Laughs and makes like Indiana Jones and his whip) Wah-pah!

Ross: What’s wah-pah?

Chandler: Y’know, whipped! Wah-pah!

Joey: That’s not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!

Chandler: That’s what I did. Wah-pah!

Joey: You can’t do anything!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is not doing the dishes. She hears someone coming up the stairs and quickly puts down her magazine and pretends like she’s actually doing the dishes.]

Rachel: Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Oh! It’s you. (She stops doing the dishes.) Hi.

Ross: Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?

Rachel: Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so…

Ross: So listen uh, I know you and I haven’t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.

Rachel: Oh.

Ross: I know if you were getting married I’d feel, kinda….. y’know.

Rachel: Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I’m okay.

Ross: Yeah?

Rachel: Yeah.

Ross: All right, I just wanted to check.

Rachel: Oh, that’s sweet.

(He goes over to hug her.)

Ross: You’re great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.

Rachel: (breaking the hug) Uhh, hang in there?

Ross: Oh, no, I didn’t mean, uh…

Rachel: I mean maybe you didn’t hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?

Ross: Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn’t realise that had become anything, yet.

Rachel: Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has—yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.

Ross: Oh. Yeah?

Rachel: Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y’know, emotionally, mentally, physically…

Ross: Wow, that’s-that’s-that’s incredible.

Rachel: I know isn’t it? It’s like I’m right there with Joshua.

Ross: Uh-huh.

Rachel: You are right there with Emily. And it’s y’know, it’s kinda like…. it’s a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.

Ross: I gotta get to work.

Rachel: Oh yeah? Fine.

Ross: Hey, y’know, y’know what would make me really happy?

Rachel: Oh yeah, no, what’s that?

Ross: If like the four of us could all y’know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily’s coming into town this weekend, why don’t you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?

Rachel: That would be great!

Ross: Yeah, all right, it’s a date. (He leaves)

Rachel: (to the closed door) Hang in there. You hang in there. (Gives him the raspberry.)

Ross: (coming back in) Did you say something?

Rachel: No, just singing. (Does a little song.)

[Scene: Beatrice Bridal Shop, Monica and Phoebe are there to pick up Emily’s dress.]

Monica: Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It’s so beautiful!

Phoebe: Yeah, but y’know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced.

The Saleslady: May I help you ladies?

Monica: Oh, yes, umm, I’m here to pick up a dress that you have on hold.

The Saleslady: Yes, what’s the name, please?

Monica: Emily Waltham.

The Saleslady: Yes! I have it right here. (Phoebe and Monica both gasp at the dress.) Would you like to try it on Ms. Waltham?

Monica: (laughs) Okay.

[Time lapse. Monica is wearing the dress and starring at herself in the mirror.]

Phoebe: You’re the most beautiful bride I’ve ever seen.

Monica: I am, aren’t I?

The Saleslady: Ms. Waltham?

Monica: Yes?

The Saleslady: We’re closing.

Monica: All right. (Goes to take off the dress.)

The Saleslady: And could I get my ring back?

(She disgustedly takes the ring off and gives it back.)

[Scene: Joey’s bedroom, he’s snoring again and Chandler is there to roll him over.]

Chandler: All right buddy, time to roll over. (Rolls him over, and discovers a surprise) (Looking down) No-no! (Covers his eyes) No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You’re going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is doing the dishes.]

Monica: Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does. (Looks at the wedding dress and stops.)

[Time lapse, Monica is now wearing the dress while doing the dishes and is making like she is thanking her guests for coming to her wedding. Paging Dr. Crane. Dr. Fraiser Crane!]

Monica: Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. (There’s a knock on the door.) Uh, just a second!

Phoebe: No-no, let me in!

Monica: Phoebe?

Phoebe: Yeah!

Monica: Can you just hold on for one minute?

Phoebe: No, you have to let me in right now!!

Monica: Are you alone?

Phoebe: Yes!

Monica: All right.

(She goes over and lets Phoebe bounce in wearing her own wedding dress.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is complaining about going to the clinic.]

Joey: This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m so tired!

Chandler: It’s 6:00.

Joey: Yeah, well…

Rachel: (entering) Hi!

Chandler: Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that’s, I think that’s really cool.

Joey: Yeah, Rach, I think you’re handling that really well.

Rachel: Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There’s nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn’t for me and Joshua. Y’know, they’re not gonna get married anyway!

Chandler: What?

Rachel: Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they’ve done and they’re call the whole thing off. I’m telling ya, you’re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you’re dancing at there’s.

Chandler: Yeah, well, I don’t dance at weddings.

Rachel: Why not?

Chandler: Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this… (Starts to dancing really, really, really badly. Ross enters behind him and he stops.)

Ross: Hey man.

Chandler: Hey!

Ross: So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?

Chandler: Nothing.

Rachel: Nothing.

Joey: I am… (Looks in his date book.) free!

Ross: Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month!

Joey and Chandler: What?!

Ross: Yep!

Rachel: In a month?

Ross: Yeah!

Rachel: You mean, you mean 30 days?

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: From now?

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: Well, that’s great.

Ross: Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it’s going to be torn down, so… I mean, I-I know it’s crazy, but everything up ‘til now has been so crazy, and I don’t know, this just feels right. Y’know?

Joey: (still looking in date book) Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating! (They all look at him.) This isn’t mine.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is waiting impatiently for Joshua.]

Joshua: (entering) Hey, Rachel.

Rachel: Hi!

Joshua: What’s up? You’re voice sounded all squeaky on the phone.

Rachel: Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. (Hugs him) See you.

Joshua: Great!

Rachel: Yeah! (She sits down) Sit!

Joshua: (sitting) You okay?

Rachel: I’m more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?

Joshua: Do I?

Rachel: ‘Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y’know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y’know?

Joshua: Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we’re-we’re-we’re-we’re-we’re clicking.

Rachel: Yeah-yeah, y’know if-if there was just like one little area where I—that I think we need—we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we’re just not crazy enough!

Joshua: I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I’m not too sure I agree with that.

Rachel: Well, yeah, right, y’know what? Yeah, you’re right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if (Grunts uncomprehensively)……I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y’know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y’know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?

Joshua: What?! (Gunther is listening in.)

Rachel: Oh, I know, I know, it’s-it’s so, it’s so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y’know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don’t you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don’t you think?

Joshua: Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you’re a real special lady, but my divorce isn’t final yet and, and, and we’ve been on four days, so I’m thinking "No, but thanks."

Gunther: YOU IDIOT!!!!!

[Scene: The Sleep Clinic, Joey is having trouble staying awake.]

Sleep Clinic Worker: Your name, please?

Joey: Joey Tribbiani.

Sleep Clinic Worker: Um-hmm, and did you stay up all night in preparation for your sleep study. (Joey doesn’t answer) Uh, sir? (Joey starts snoring)

Chandler: (answering for him) Yes he did.

Sleep Clinic Worker: Alll right, we’ll call you in a few minutes.

(As she leaves, a beautiful woman enters and sits down across from the boys.)

Chandler: (waking Joey) Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!

Joey: (sleepily) Yeah, she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep, loudly) How you doin’?

(Chandler wakes him up, again.)

Joey: What?!

Chandler: You’re coming on to the entire room! (He goes over to pick up a stack of magazines next to her, and to get her attention, he throws them back down.) I’m Chandler.

Woman: I’m Marjorie.

Chandler: Hi.

Marjorie: Hi.

Chandler: You mind if I…

Marjorie: No, please.

(He sits down next to her.)

Chandler: So uh, what are you in for?

Marjorie: I talk in my sleep.

Chandler: What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.

Joey: (asleep) So why don’t you give me your number?

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe, still defying reality, are now throwing a bouquet at each other, pretending to catch the actual bouquet at an actual wedding.]

Monica: Okay, ready?

Phoebe: Yeah.

Monica: Okay.

(She turns around and throws the bouquet to Phoebe.)

Phoebe: (catching it) I got it! Mine! (They both hug)

Monica: Congratulations!

Phoebe: Thank you!

Monica: Okay! My turn! My turn!

Phoebe: Okay! (Gets into position) Okay, ready?

Monica: (cocking her head from side to side in some pre-bouquet-catching ritual) Yeah.

Phoebe: Okay. (Phoebe turns and throws it on the couch.)

Monica: (upset) That was a terrible throw!!

Phoebe: I’m not gonna right to you! That’s not real!

Monica: Look at me! My big concern is what’s real?! (Finally realises) Oh my God. We’re really sad, aren’t we?

Phoebe: Yeah, I think we are.

Monica: This isn’t even my dress.

Phoebe: Well, at least you didn’t rent yours from a store called, "It’s Not Too Late."

Monica: I’m changing out of this.

Phoebe: Me too.

Monica: In like a half-hour?

Phoebe: Me too.

Monica: Okay, throw it straight this time.

Phoebe: Okay.

(She throws it straight, and Monica makes a big deal about catching it.)

Monica: I’m getting married next!!

Phoebe: Yay!

[Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe, back to reality, are sitting in normal clothes.]

Phoebe: I hate my regular clothes now! Y’know? I look down and-and I know that this isn’t gonna be the most special day of my life.

Monica: Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn’t you start feeling silly?

Phoebe: I guess.

(Monica crosses her legs and is still wearing the garter belt.)

Phoebe: Oh my God!

Monica: Oh God.

Phoebe: Oh, you’re such a cheater!

Chandler: (entering) Hello! Little ones.

Monica: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey!

Monica: So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?

Chandler: Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. (They’re stunned.) Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.

Phoebe: Oh, how’d that happen?

Chandler: Because I’m cooler.

Monica: No, seriously.

Chandler: Well she’s, she’s the kinda girl—Joey was unconscious.

(Joey enters, wearing a mouth guard like boxers wear.)

Joey: (muffled by the mouth guard) Hey you guys! What’s happening?

Monica: Oh my God!

Phoebe: What is that?

Joey: (muffled) Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it’s gonna help me not to snore.

Monica: Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? ‘Cause I don’t think you have to wear it unless you are!

Joey: (takes out the mouth guard) I know I don’t have too! It tastes good. (Puts it back in.)

Chandler: Plus, you look cool.

(Joey totally agrees with this statement and kicks his feet up.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is putting away the wedding dress, finally.]

Rachel: (entering from her bedroom) Well, I just called Joshua…

Phoebe: Oh, how did it go?

Rachel: Well, I did my best to convince him that I’m not some crazy girl who is dying to get married—I’m just going through a hard time.

Phoebe: What did he say?

Rachel: Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.

Monica: Ohh, sweetie! (Goes to comfort her.) Hey, I bet you anything that he’s gonna call you again.

Rachel: Yeah, maybe, but I don’t think I even care. I don’t think he’s the one I’m sad about. Y’know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don’t think I’m handling it all that well.

Phoebe: Yeah, maybe.

Rachel: And I-I am just trying to figure out why.

Phoebe: Any luck?

Rachel: Well, yeah, y’know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.

Monica: Again. Y’know what? I think we all did.

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Hey! (She jumps up and throws Emily’s wedding dress into Rachel’s room.)

Ross: So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’clock?

Rachel: Yeah, well, you uh, better make it for three.

Ross: Oh, see I-I don’t know if we’re gonna be hungry at three.

Rachel: Three people. Joshua’s not gonna be there.

Ross: What happened?

Rachel: Uh, well, I think, I think he broke up with me.

Ross: Noo. Why?

Rachel: Well, apparently he scares easy.

Ross: Oh, Rachel, I’m-I’m sorry.

Rachel: It’s okay. Sometimes, things don’t work out the way you’d thought they would.

Ross: Come here.

(They hug.)

Rachel: (breaking the hug) Oh, hey, don’t you have to go pick up Emily?

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: Yeah.

Ross: You okay?

Rachel: Yeah! I got my girls.

(He leaves.)

Rachel: Ugh. (She goes over and lays her head on Phoebe’s lap.)

Phoebe: (looks at Monica) Hey, y’know what might cheer you up?

Rachel: What?

[Time lapse, all three girls are now wearing wedding dresses, eating popcorn, drinking beer, and watching TV.]

Rachel: Y’know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.

Monica: Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. (Pause) Maybe someday, there will be.

(There’s a knock on the door.)

Monica: Oh God! He’s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!

Rachel: Oh, okay! (She goes to answer the door.)

Monica: No-no, Rachel, don’t get it! He can’t see us!

Phoebe: No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!

Rachel: I’m not gonna marry Chandler!

Phoebe: Not after this!

Rachel: Okay, you guys, just relax. (She goes over to open the door, and as she does, she says.) I doooo. (Sees that it’s Joshua, not Chandler that knocked on the door.)

Joshua: I gotta go.

Rachel: Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua! (Pause) (Comes back inside) Yeah, well, that oughta do it.

Closing Credits

[Scene: Chandler’s bedroom, he is sleeping with Marjorie. All of the sudden, Marjorie starts talking in her sleep, awakening Chandler. After a little bit, she quiets back down, and Chandler tries to get back to sleep. There’s a short pause until she starts screaming, causing Chandler to scream with her. She quickly calms down. This all wakes up Joey, who comes over wearing the mouth guard, opens the top half of Chandler’s door, and starts to complain about the noise.]

Joey: (muffled by the mouth guard) Dude! I am trying to sleep! (Shrugs to say, "What’s up with that?")
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are sitting and talking.]

Chandler: Y’know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.

Joey: I know. Ross is getting married.

Chandler: Phoebe is, making people.

Joey: Everybody’s doing stuff!

Chandler: And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!

Joey: (snaps his fingers) We could climb Mt. Everest!

Chandler: No-no, not something stupid, something huge.

Joey: No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!

Chandler: Why not?! I mean it’s just, it’s just climbing! It’s just, it’s just steep!

Joey: Yeah!

Chandler: We’re going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Phoebe: What-what’s up?

Joey: We’re gonna climb Mt. Everest!

Chandler: Yeah baby!

Phoebe: Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y’know you can die. And, you would die!

Chandler: (dejected) Yeah, well…

Joey: We could get that Everest video though.

Chandler: Yeah, we could do that without y’know risking our lives at all!

Joey: And while we’re down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! (Chandler’s excited.) Oh, y’know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.

Chandler: (dejected) Oh, well…

Phoebe: So you guys’ll stay here and hang out with me?

Chandler: Yeeeeahhhh.

Joey: Yeah. Yeah.

Chandler: But I’ll tell you something. One of these days we’re get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!

Joey: Yeah we are!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, he and Emily are addressing their invitations.]

Emily: So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?

Ross: Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he’s so cheap, he’d never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough? (Hands her some envelopes.)

Emily: Yeah, they’re fine.

Ross: Yeah?

Emily: If anyone asks, we’ll just say Ben addressed them. (Looking through the envelopes.) Oh! So you invited Rachel then?

Ross: Sure. Why not?

Emily: Really?

Ross: Yeah?

Emily: I don’t think I’d be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.

Ross: Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn’t invite her?

Emily: Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely adore Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it’s absolutely your decision. (Gets up.) More tea?

Ross: Yeah sure.

Emily: Earl Grey?

Ross: Huh? Yeah, fine, invite whoever you want.

[And with that we start off on a series of clips from the entire history of Ross and Rachel, from Ross’s point of view. The first clip is from The Pilot.]

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is complaining about Carol.]

Ross: I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!

(A woman enters wearing a wet wedding dress and frantically starts to look around.)

Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)

Monica: Rachel?!

Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!

[cut to later]

Monica: Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (To Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?

Rachel: Hi, sure!

Ross: Hi.

(They go to hug but Ross' umbrella opens.  He sits, defeated again.)

[cut to later]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are finishing up some cookies.]

Ross: You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.

Rachel: I knew.

Ross: You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.

Rachel: I did.

Ross: Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here—but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?

Rachel: Yeah, maybe...

Ross: Okay... okay, maybe I will...

[The next clip is from The One With The Blackout.]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are talking about passion.]

Ross:  See, I see.... big passion in your future.

Rachel: Really?

Ross: I do.

Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up]

[Ross gets up, pleased with himself and starts to walk past Joey.]

Joey: It's never gonna happen.

[cut to later]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's balcony, Ross is about to be attacked by Paulo's cat.]

Ross: Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.

Rachel: Okay.

Ross: Okay. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....

Rachel: Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]

Ross: Yes, yes, that's right...

Rachel: Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross] Look at it!

Ross: What? [the cat jumps on his shoulders] Ow!

[Cut to inside, Monica, Joey and Phoebe are singing while outside, Ross and Rachel are trying to get the cat off of Ross' shoulder.]

Monica, Joey, and Phoebe: [singing] I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...

[The next clip is from The One With The East German Laundry Detergent.]

[Scene: The Laundromat, Rachel is fighting with that old, annoying woman for a cart.]

Rachel: All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!

(She thinks it over, and then walks away.)

Rachel: (to Ross) Yes! Did you see that?

Ross: You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.

Rachel: I could not have done this without you.

(Rachel stands up and kisses Ross. He is stunned. A moment of silence follows.)

Ross: Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? (Ross turns and bangs his head on an open dryer door.) I'm fine, I'm fine.

[The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out]

[Scene: Central Perk, I'm sure you've guessed, it's the famous fight scene between Ross and Rachel.]

Ross: You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.

Rachel: (hurt) What?

Ross: I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.

Rachel: Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?

[cut to later]

Ross: The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.

[cut to later]

Rachel: Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.

Ross: Fine.

Rachel: 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.

Ross: Good.

Rachel: Good. (Ross leaves)

[cut to later]

(Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him.)

[cut to later]

(She opens the door and they kiss.)

[The next clip is the second famous fight in The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break.]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are arguing.]

Rachel: Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I’m doing something that I’m actually good at. I mean. if you don’t get that...

Ross: No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.

Rachel: Well neither do I!

Ross: Is this about Mark?

Rachel: (shocked) Oh my God.

Ross: Okay, it’s not, it’s not.

Rachel: Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’re making this too hard.

Ross: Oh I’m, I’m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.

Rachel: I don’t know, I don’t know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.

Ross: Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break, (goes to the door) let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some frozen yogart, or something.. (opens the door)

Rachel: No. (Ross is standing in the doorway.) A break from us.

(Ross looks at her, then leaves slamming the door behind him.)

[The next clip is from The One The Morning After]

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is hurrying Chloe out the door.]

Chloe: Do I know why we’re rushing?

Ross: Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? (He’s frantically throwing the cushions off of the couch looking for her other shoe) Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!

Chloe: That’s so great for you guys!

Ross: Yeah!

[cut to later]

Chloe: Good luck, with your girlfriend.

Ross: Oh, thank you. (She goes to kiss him, but he holds her coat up between their faces to stop her.) Hey, hey. (opens the door, sees Rachel, and hides Chloe behind the door) Rachel!!!!

Rachel: Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.

Ross: Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.

Rachel: So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?

Ross: Yes, you can, very much.

(Chloe gives Ross the thumbs up while still standing behind the door.)

Ross: (seeing the thumbs up) Ahhhh!! (Hugs Rachel tighter.)

[cut to later]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel has just found out about Chloe and is screaming at Ross.  The rest of the gang is trapped in Monica's bedroom.]

Rachel: (opening the door) Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!

Ross: No!!

Rachel: Just get out! Now!!

Ross: No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.

Rachel: Okay! All right! How was she?

[Cut to Monica's bedroom]

Chandler: Uh-oh.

[Cut to Living Room]

Ross: What?

Rachel: Was she good?

[Cut to Monica's bedroom]

Joey: Don’t answer that.

[Cut to Living Room]

Rachel: Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let’s talk about it!! How was she?

Ross: She was...

[Cut to Monica's bedroom]

Joey: Awful! Horrible!

Chandler: She was not good. Not good.

Joey: She was nothing compared to you.

[Cut to Living Room]

Ross: She, she was different.

[Cut to Monica's bedroom]

Joey: Ewwwww!

Chandler: Uh-oh.

[Cut to Living Room]

Rachel: Good different?

Ross: Nobody likes change.

(Rachel picks up a newspaper and starts beating him with it.)

Ross: What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.

[The next clip is from The One With The Jellyfish.]

[Scene: Rachel's bedroom, Rachel, entering selfish mode, is thanking Ross for wrongly taking the entire blame of the breakup; as if she had absolutely nothing to do with it.]

Rachel:  ...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a cheater, always a cheater.”  Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...

Ross: WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!

[Cut back to the present.]

[Scene: A mailbox, Ross is mailing the invitations.  He throws a bunch into the mailbox, but pauses with Rachel's.  And it starts another round of clips.]

[The One With The Fake Party]

[Scene: The hallway, Rachel is convincing Ross that Emily is good for him.]

Rachel: You seem to really like her.

Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.

Rachel: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.

Ross: You think?

Rachel: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.

Ross: Hey, you’re right.

Rachel: Yeah.

[Cut back to the present, Ross is still looking at Rachel's invitation.  Finally, he makes up his mind and mails it.]

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey, Monica, and Phoebe are opening their invitations.]

Monica: Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can’t believe my brother’s getting married! And in London! It’s so romantic!

Joey: (taking apart the invitation) Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."

Phoebe: Oooh look! Isn’t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!

Chandler: (entering) Hello!

Joey: Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey! Hey, did you get your invitation to Ross’s wedding?

Chandler: (sarcastic) Noo.

Joey: Don’t worry man, I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.

Phoebe: I’m so jealous you’re all going! I can’t believe I never knew that you can’t fly in your third trimester!

Chandler: I didn’t know that.

Monica: I never knew that either.

Joey: I knew that! (They all look at him) I sooo didn’t know that, but you should see your faces.

Rachel: (entering) Hey guys! What’s up?

Joey: Heyyy. (They all try and hide their invitations.)

Monica: We’re hanging out.

(Rachel starts going through her mail, and come across her invitation.)

Rachel: What’s this? Is this Ross’s wedding invitation?

Chandler: See, maybe that’s the one we should’ve actually hidden.

Rachel: Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don’t have to do that! I’m happy for him! I am! I really—I’m-I’m happ—I’ll work on it.

Monica: I’m sorry honey.

Rachel: Yeah.

Monica: Rach, you’re gonna come though aren’t you?

Rachel: Oh, honey, I don’t know. I…

Chandler: This isn’t one of those uh, y’know "If she doesn’t come, we-we don’t, we don’t come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket…

Monica: You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren’t there. Just say you’ll think about it, okay?

Rachel: No, I’ll think about it. Yeah.

[And with that, we go into another set of clips, this time from Rachel’s point of view.]

[The first clip is from The One Where Rachel Finds Out.]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, it's Rachel birthday party and Chandler is about to spill the beans.]

Rachel: Who's this from?

Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's.

Rachel: Oh... (opens it and sees it is a pin) Oh my God. He remembered.

Phoebe: Remembered what?

Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!

Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.

Monica: I can't believe he did this.

Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?

(Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel.)

Rachel: What did you just say?

Chandler: (stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....

Rachel: Oh.... my God.

[The next clip is from The One With Ross's New Girlfriend.]

[Scene: The airport, Ross is about to walk off of the plane with Julie.]

Rachel:  (seeing Ross come off the plane with another woman.) Oh my God.

[cut to later]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is introducing Julie to the gang.]

Julie: Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.

Ross: But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.

Rachel: Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?

[cut to later]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is trying to hang up on Julie.]

Ross: Oh, that is so sweet.(listens) No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three.(He doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet.) Well you didn't hang up either.

Rachel:  She didn't hang up either...

Ross:  Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y—(Rachel grabs the phone and hangs it up for him.)

[The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out.]

[Scene, A Restaurant, Rachel is on her date, drunk, and is leaving that answering machine message.]

Rachel: (on phone) Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat...(cut)...I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. (She hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket.)

[cut to later]

[Scene, Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Ross is checking his messages.]

Ross: Rach, I got a message from you.

(Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.)

Rachel: Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . (She jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.)

Ross: You're over me?

Rachel: Ohhhhhhhh God. (climbs off his back)

Ross: Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?

Rachel: Ohh, ohh.

Ross: When, when were you... under me?

Rachel: Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.

[cut to later in the same scene]

Ross: OK, I need to lie down.

[The next clip is from The One With The List.]

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross has just broken up with Julie and is about to get with Rachel.]

Joey: He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.

Rachel: Really?

Ross: Really. It's always been you, Rach.

Rachel: Oh, god.

(Ross and Rachel hug.)

Chandler and Joey: Ohhh.

[The next clip is from The One Where Ross and Rachel.... You Know.]

[Scene: The Auditorium, Ross and Rachel are about to... you know.]

Ross: I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.

Rachel: Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.

(They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.)

Rachel: Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.

Ross: What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.

[The next clip is from The One The Morning After.]

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is trying to prevent Gunther from spilling the beans.]

Ross: Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn’t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.

Gunther: I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to?

(Ross turns around and sees Rachel sitting by the window. She is just glaring at him.)

[The next clip is from The One At The Beach.]

[Scene: The beachhouse, Ross and Rachel are argueing about the breakup.]

Ross: Y'know, hey! You’re the one who ended it, remember?

Rachel: Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!

Ross: You still love me?

Rachel: Noo.

[cut to later]

Ross: What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?

Rachel: Noo! Maybe! I, I don’t know.

Ross: What?!

Rachel: I just, I feel, I-I just...

(Ross leans in and kisses her. They both look at each other for a moment, and then embrace in a more passionate kiss.)

[The next clip is from The One With The Jellyfish.]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Ross are finally breaking up for good, or is it?]

Rachel: Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!

Ross: (starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)

[cut to later]

Rachel: And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!

Chandler: I KNEW IT!!!!

[cut back to the present.]

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is deciding on whether or not to go to the wedding.]

[cut to another clip, this one is from The One With The Prom Video]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is watching the Prom Video and Rachel is about to make her entrance on the video.  The italics are portions of the prom video.]

Mrs. Geller: Rachel's coming up the path.  Doesn't she look pretty. Jack... (Rachel enters with a huge nose)

Rachel: Oh my God.

Monica: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.

Rachel: Oh.

Ross: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.

All: Oh yeah we do. C'mon.

Mrs. Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.

Mr. Geller: Wait, how do you zoom out? (zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich) There she is.

Monica: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.

Chandler: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?

[cut to later]

Monica: Oh, dad, turn it off.

Mr. Geller: It is off.  Right Ross? (pans over to see Ross with an afro and moustache)

Joey: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.

[cut to later]

Rachel: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.

Monica: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.

Mrs. Geller: (to Ross on the stairs) I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.

[cut to later]

Ross: Y'know what?  I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.

All: No, no, no.

Ross: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.

Mr. Geller: C'mon kid, let's go.

Mrs. Geller: Ahh, are you hadsome.

Mr. Geller: Let's show 'em.

Ross: (walks down the stairs and grabs the flowers out of the vase on the endtable) Okay dad.

Mr. Geller: (going downstairs) Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no. (Chip has shown up and the four are leaving.)

Rachel, Monica, Roy, and Chip: Bye.

Mrs. Geller: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?

Monica: (to Ross) I can't believe you did that.

Ross: Yeah, well.

[Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross]

Phoebe: See, he's her lobster.

[Cut back to the present, Rachel has made her decision.]

Monica: (seeing the decision) Nooooo. You’re really not going?

Rachel: Yeah. It’s just gonna be too hard. Y’know? I mean, it’s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y’know it’s just, it’s for the best, y’know it is, it’s… Y’know, plus, somebody’s got to stay here with Phoebe! Y’know she’s gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.

Monica: You don’t have a car. And your license expired.

Rachel: I know. (Starts to cry) Yeah, see, there’s so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.

Closing Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe are reading a book about things to do whilst in London.]

Chandler: All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there’s a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! (Reading from the book.) "It’s almost as good as being there."

Joey: It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your underwear!

Chandler: Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.

Joey: I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!

Chandler: If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.

Joey: Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!
[Scene: Central Perk, the gang is there, Phoebe is returning from the bathroom.]

Phoebe: (angrily) That’s like the tenth time I’ve peed since I’ve been here!

Monica: That’s also like the tenth time you told us.

Phoebe: Yeah, oh I’m sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it’s a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I’m so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, ‘cause—Oh! I’m pregnant!

Ross: Pheebs, did…you want a cookie?

Phoebe: (starting to cry) Thank you so much.

Rachel: So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?

Phoebe: I haven’t really had any yet.

(Monica, Joey, and Chandler all shake their heads.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are there as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey guys!

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Hey!

Ross: All right, here’s the ring. (Shows Chandler the wedding ring he plans on giving Emily)

Chandler: (shocked) Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!

Ross: So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?

Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don’t you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?

Chandler: Oh, it’s awkward. It’s awkward. It’s awkward.

Ross: I sort’ve already asked Chandler.

Joey: What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!

Ross: Joey, I figured you’d understand. I mean, I-I’ve known him a lot longer.

Joey: Come on Ross! Look, I-I don’t have any brothers; I’ll never get to be a best man!

Chandler: You can be the best man when I get married.

Joey: (pause) I’ll never get to be a best man!

Ross: (to Chandler) Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?

Chandler: Oh no-no-no, you—yeah, of course you get to be my best man.

Joey: (impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!

Chandler: I’m not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!

Joey: I can’t believe you’re not picking me.

Ross: Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!

Chandler: I’m not even… I’m not even…

Ross: Fine, y’know what, that’s it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.

Joey: Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are eating breakfast.]

Phoebe: (to her babies) Stop it!

Monica: What?

Phoebe: One of the babies is kicking.

Monica: I thought that was a good thing.

Phoebe: It’s not kicking me, it’s kicking one of the other babies. Oh (looks down her dress)! Don’t make me come in there!

Joey: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Joey: Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?

Monica: Yeah, there’s one right under the cabinet.

Joey: (grabs it) Thanks.

Monica: Why do you need it?

Joey: Oh, we’re having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)

Rachel: Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us?

Joey: Nooo, later. (Walks out the door.)

Phoebe: Hey!! Get your ass back here, Tribbiani!! (Joey walks back in, scared.)

Rachel: Hormones!

Monica: What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you’re having a party and we’re not invited?

Joey: Oh, it’s Ross’s bachelor party.

Monica: Sooo?

Joey: Are you bachelors?

Monica: Nooo!

Joey: Are you strippers?

Rachel: Nooo!

Joey: Then you’re not invited. (Starts for the door again.)

Rachel: All right fine! You’re not invited to the party we’re gonna have either.

Joey: Oh-whoa, what party?

Rachel: Well umm…

Monica: The baby shower for Phoebe!

Joey: Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don’t want to do! Later! (Finally, he makes his exit.)

Phoebe: I can’t believe I’m gonna have a party! This is so great! (Really excited) A party! (Really, really excited) Yay!! (Suddenly, she starts crying and Rachel moves to comfort her.) I don’t know why.

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Ross are talking over party plans.]

Joey: This is what I’ve got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.

Ross: Great. Great.

Joey: Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I’ve got you, me, and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause, well, we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.

Gunther: I’ll be there.

Joey: All right—oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.

Ross: Yeah. Tell ya what, let’s not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!

Joey: Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of Zima.

Chandler: (entering) Hey guys, what are you doing?

Ross: Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.

Chandler: Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.

Ross: Yeah, see, I don’t think it’s gonna that difficult considering this one won’t be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.

Chandler: Oh, I’m Ross. I’m Ross. I’m too good for the Hut; I’m too good for the Hut.

Ross: Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?

Joey: You got it.

Ross: Okay, see ya later.

Chandler: See ya. (Ross exits, and Chandler moves over next to Joey, laughing.) Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.

Joey: Well, there’s gonna be strippers there. He didn’t say anything about no strippers.

Chandler: He just said, "No strippers."

Joey: Oh, I chose not to hear that.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is returning from shopping and Rachel is there.]

Monica: Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! (She shows Rachel what she bought. She bought a little leather jacket and a little cowboy outfit for the babies.) Can you believe they make these for little people?

Rachel: Little village people.

Monica: Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite. (It’s a little pink and white dress for the girl baby.)

Rachel: Oh, that is so sweet!

Monica: I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!

Rachel: Huh. Except, Phoebe’s not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.

Monica: Because she’s not gonna get to keep the babies.

Rachel: Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!

Monica: Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she’s done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.

Rachel: Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she’s always wanted!

Monica: Oh, she’s gonna love that!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe’s baby shower, she is holding those leather pants, and isn’t happy about it.]

Phoebe: What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can’t use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what’s my next present?!

All: I don’t have anything. (All of the rest of the women there hide their gifts behind their backs.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross’s bachelor party. Ross is thanking Joey for the party.]

Ross: Hey listen man, about the stripper…

Joey: Yeah?

Ross: Good call!

Chandler: (banging a spoon against his beer bottle) Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I’ve decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!

Gunther: What’s my last name?

Chandler: Central Perk?

Gunther: (to Ross) Thanks for not marrying Rachel. (He starts to leave.)

Joey: Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don’t-don’t forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)

Ross: Hey-hey, what are those?

Joey: Oh, little party favours, check it out! (It’s a shirt that reads, "Ross Geller, Bachelor Bash 1998")

Ross: Wow! Yeah!

Joey: Oh-oh! (Shows him what’s on the back, "Best Man Joey Tribbiani, with a huge picture of him.)

Chandler: (banging on the bottle again) Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, (to the stripper) so is the position of the bride.

The Stripper: Great!

Ross: Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. (Chandler checks and runs into the bathroom.) Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. (They museum geeks wave at him.) Thanks Joey.

Joey: Oh, hey, don’t forget your shirt.

Ross: Oh, thanks! (Takes it and throws it back into the box and leaves.)

Joey: Okay, hey, museum geeks, party’s over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent’s basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.

The Stripper: Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?

Joey: Yeah!

The Stripper: Wow, I didn’t know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.

Joey: Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.)

The Stripper: You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.

Joey: Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin’ ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday…

The Stripper: Yeah, that would be great. So I guess umm, good night.

Joey: Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around.

The Stripper: Yeah?

Joey: Yeah. I’ll let you play with my duck.

[Scene: Joey’s bedroom, it’s the middle of the night, he’s waking up and discovers he’s alone in bed.]

Joey: Hey, (realises he doesn’t know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open, so he picks it up, sees it’s empty and starts to panic.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, it’s continued from earlier. Joey is now waking Chandler and telling him the news.]

Joey: (running and banging on Chandler’s door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!

Chandler: (opening the door) What?

Joey: The ring is gone!

Chandler: Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this—Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You’re the worst best man ever!

Joey: Dude, this isn’t funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything’s cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!

Chandler: You slept with the stripper?

Joey: Of course!! (Shrugs.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is entering, Monica and Rachel are talking on the couch.]

Phoebe: Hi, guys.

Rachel: Hi! Phoebe. (Both Monica and her try to move out of Phoebe’s way.)

Monica: Hi Phoebe.

Phoebe: I-I wanted to apologise if I—y’know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y’know it’s just the hormones, y’know.

Rachel: No we…

Monica: Hormones.

Rachel: …hormones, yeah.

Phoebe: Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet. (She goes to hug them and they both flinch, thinking that Phoebe is about to attack them.)

Monica: Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That’s great. So how-how are things going?

Phoebe: Good. Y’know—no-no, okay, it’s-it feels like everything’s been about me lately, so what’s happening with you?

Rachel: Oh, well, actually we were just talking about me not going to Ross’s wedding.

Phoebe: Oh!

Rachel: It just might be too hard, given the history and all that…

Phoebe: Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.

Rachel: Well, h-how is this like that?

Phoebe: Well, let’s see, it’s not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y’know a bunch of y’know high school crap that nobody really gives y’know…

Rachel: (starting to cry) I’m-I’m sorry, I just thought that…

Phoebe: Alrighty, here come the water works. (Rachel starts crying harder.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is trying to figure out what to do.]

Joey: Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn’t an emergency, then what is?

Ross: (entering) Hey guys!

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey…

Ross: I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y’know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so…

Joey: So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that’s nice!

Ross: Yeah, right!

Joey: I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those…

Ross: That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.

Chandler: So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? (Gives Joey a little squeeze.)

Ross: Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.

Chandler: So you might say, it’s a magic ring.

Joey: (laughs, softly) Yeah, the stripper stole it.

Ross: My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!

Chandler: Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don’t you be my best man."

Ross: (dialling the phone) All right-all right, fine! I-I’m gonna call the cops!

Joey: Dude, I screwed up, you don’t have to turn me in!

Ross: Not on you! On the stripper!

Joey: Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they’re gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.

Ross: Okay, well, we’ll call the company that sent her!

Joey: I did that too! They wouldn’t give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they’d call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I’m missing a ring!"

Ross: So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there’s nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!

Joey: Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I…

Chandler: Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?

Joey: Oh, that sounds like fun, but we’ve got a ring to find!!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are cautiously serving Phoebe some tea.]

Monica: Here’s your tea Phoebe. (They give it to her and quickly take a step back.)

Phoebe: (sips it) It’s so good. (Monica and Rachel breath a sigh of relief.) Oh, thanks.

Rachel: Good.

Monica: I’m so glad you liked it.

Phoebe: (sets the cup down) Oh! (Grabs her stomach in pain.)

Monica: What?!

Rachel: What?! She made the tea! (Points to Monica.)

Phoebe: Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.

Rachel: You what?

Monica: Oh my God!

Phoebe: Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.

Monica: Wait, you can’t have the baby here! I mean I haven’t sterilised it since the guys moved out!

Rachel: Okay. It’s okay. We’re gonna be okay. Y’know what? It’s okay. I’m gonna, I’m gonna, I’m gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!

Phoebe: No. It’s all right; it’s probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.

Monica: Rachel, get the book! The book!

Rachel: Okay! (Runs and grabs a book and hands it to Monica.) Okay! Here!

Monica: The Bible?!

Rachel: I don’t know!

[Scene: Chandler’s office, the guys are there waiting to ambush the stripper.]

Joey: All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won’t recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I’ll be uh, Mr. Wong.

Ross: Diverse.

(There’s a knock on the door.)

The Stripper: Did anybody call for security?

Chandler: (to Ross) You be cool. (He opens the door and lets her in as they all turn there backs on her.)

The Stripper: Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk? (Sees Joey.) Hey, Joey?

Ross: Where’s my ring? My dead grandmother’s wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?

Chandler: Way to be cool, man.

The Stripper: What’s he talking about?

Joey: There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!

The Stripper: Wait, you guys think I stole some ring?

The Guys: Yeah!

Ross: We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!

The Stripper: Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don’t need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?

Chandler: Marry me. (Both Ross and Chandler hit him.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, the guys are now trying to figure out what next to do, since their plan with the stripper backfired on them.]

Joey: I don’t get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn’t take it, and I didn’t take it; and you (Chandler) didn’t take it, then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We’re trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey, who doesn’t get it. After a short pause, with the duck still quacking, Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is recovering from her false labour.]

Rachel: I still don’t get how you know when it’s false labour.

Phoebe: Well, do you see any babies?

Monica: How do you feel?

Phoebe: Okay, I guess. I mean… I don’t know, it’s just, I guess I know it’s going to be over soon.

Rachel: Well, isn’t that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.

Phoebe: I know. It’s just y’know usually when you’re, when you’re done with the pregnant thing, y’know, then you get to do the mom thing. I’m gonna be y’know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.

Monica: Some moms do that.

Phoebe: Okay that’s even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it’s just that now that they’re in me it’s like, it’s like I know them y’know, I mean-I mean, it’s just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.

Monica: Aww, sweetie, but it’s not like you’re not gonna have anything. You’re gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that’s even better.

Phoebe: Yeah, okay.

Rachel: No, really. Really, Pheebs, you’re not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they’re bad, y’know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won’t calm down. Y’know?

Monica: I mean, you’re the one they’re gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.

Rachel: And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!

Phoebe: Cool Aunt Phoebe. I am pretty cool!

Monica: Yeah.

Rachel: And y’know what else, oh my God, are they gonna love you.

Phoebe: They are gonna love me.

Rachel: Oh!

Phoebe: Thanks you guys! Again.

Monica: Oh, sweetie! (They all hug.)

Phoebe: You’re the best. Thanks. Oh!

Monica and Rachel: What?!

Phoebe: Just kidding. Ahh!

Rachel: What?!

Monica: Oh my God!

Phoebe: Got cha again, you guys are so easy.

[Scene: The Animal Hospital, the guys have taken the duck in to remove the ring. Joey is pacing around like an expectant father.]

Joey: If anything should happen to him…

Ross: Joey! The vet said it’s a simple procedure.

Joey: So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!

Chandler: He will, Joe.

Joey: Yeah, but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.

(With that we go into a little flashback about the guys’ memories of the duck. The first one is Joey playing with him in the bathtub and drying him off. Then it’s Chandler sitting on his couch after they moved into the girls apartment, and Chandler reading to him in bed, and him watching Baywatch when all they had was the canoe and the duck was in a bucket of water. Then we see Ross eating some cereal and the duck watching him. He takes a lamp and moves the duck off of the table. Then it’s Chandler shooing them out of the bathroom in the girls’ apartment, Joey revealing their disco cubby hole in the entertainment-center, then Chandler playing Hide-and-Go-Seek with them, and it’s concluded with various scenes with the duck flapping it’s wings. And the guys staring into the distance in remembrance of the duck.)

Joey: I’m so worried about him, y’know?

The Doctor: (coming in from surgery) Somebody lose a ring?

Ross: Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much! (He grabs the ring, kisses it, and then does a double-take realising where it’s been.)

Joey: H-h-h-how’s the duck?

The Doctor: He’s doing just fine, he’s resting now, but you can see him in a little bit.

Joey: Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.

Ross: No, that’s all right.

Joey: No, it’s not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!

Chandler: Hey, come on, it’s not your fault.

Joey: Yeah, it is! You wouldn’t have lost the ring, right? Y’know what, Ross you were right from the start, he (Chandler) should be your best man.

Chandler: No, you should.

Joey: Now, don’t argue with me…

Ross: Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.

Chandler: Really?

Joey: Really?

Ross: Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my… I mean, I’m lucky to have just one good… (They all start getting emotional.)

Chandler: Thanks man.

Joey: (starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can’t see him cry.)

Chandler: What a baby.

Ross: Total wuss!

(They both turn and wipe their eyes.)

Closing Credits

[There was no closing scene, only a preview of the wedding.]
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are getting ready for the flight to London and Monica comes running in.]

Monica: Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! (She runs back to her apartment.)

Chandler: Six-hour trip to London. That’s a lot of Monica.

[Cut to the girls’ apartment, Monica is putting things into her purse as Phoebe and Rachel watch.]

Monica: Passport, check! (As she puts away each item, she says check.) Camera, check! Traveller’s cheques, check!

Rachel: Who are you saying "check" too?

Monica: Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! (pause) My mom does it, I never realized it was weird.

Phoebe: Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Ross: Hey! Are you ready yet?

Monica: Yep! You got the tickets?

Ross: Oh! Got ‘em right here, (Pats his coat pocket) check!

[Cut to the guys’ apartment.]

Joey: It’s all London, baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls’ apartment.)

Chandler: You got your passport?

Joey: Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.

(Chandler glares at him. At first Joey doesn’t know why, it takes him a little bit to figure it out.)

Joey: Ohh!! (Runs to his room.)

Chandler: There it is.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, Monica is telling Phoebe where everything is.]

Monica: Okay, if you need the vacuum, it’s in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator…

Phoebe: Okay, okay, but Rachel’s gonna be here too, can’t I just ask her this stuff?

Monica: Yeah, okay, give that a try!

Chandler: (entering, with Joey) All right! Let’s do it!

Joey: Woo-hoo!!

Ross: Yeah, cheerie-o!

Joey: London baby!

Chandler: Okay, ‘cause that’s not gonna get annoying.

Joey: (louder) London baby!!

Chandler: Hey, y’know what? I was wrong.

Ross: Well, we’re all here! I guess we should get going!

Phoebe: Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’t get up.

Ross: Oh, I’ll-I’ll come hug you.

Phoebe: Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?

Ross: Yeah. (He does so and Phoebe hugs him.)

Phoebe: Oh, have a great wedding!

Ross: Thanks.

Phoebe: Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!

Chandler: Hey! (Trots over)

Phoebe: Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it’s on the counter in your apartment.

Chandler: Oh. (Goes and gets Phoebe’s book as Rachel comes in from her room.)

Ross: (to Rachel) So, we’re off.

Rachel: Have fun!

Ross: Thanks! (They hug.) Ugh, I can’t believe you’re not gonna be there!

Rachel: Oh, I know.

Ross: So-so come! Why don’t you come?

Rachel: What?!

Ross: To London! Come to London. Please? It’ll mean so much to me.

Rachel: Yeah, well, I gotta work, I’m sorry.

Ross: Why-why can’t you take a couple of days off?

Rachel: Because, I can’t! Ross, I told you, no. I can’t.

Ross: This is my wedding.

Monica: All right, y’know what? We really are late! Let’s go! Let’s go! Let’s go!!

Ross: Fine. You’ll-you’ll watch it on video when we get back.

Chandler: (entering, with Phoebe’s book.) Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.

Phoebe: (laughs) Thank you.

(Chandler kneels down with his arms spread waiting for his hug.

Phoebe: Thank you. (She pats him on his head.)

Ross: All right, let’s go! Bye, Pheebs!

Joey: Bye, Pheebs!

(They all start out, Rachel gives each one a kiss, and says "bye." In the hall, Joey says…)

Joey: London baby!! (And Rachel slowly closes the door, sadly.)

Phoebe: Oh, do you need a hug? You don’t have to bring me anything!

(And with that, television history is made as, for the first time ever, an entire show moves it’s entire production to an entirely different country to make a single episode. We get shots of Buckingham Palace, London Bridge, Big Ben, and the London Marriott as Joey and Chandler exit.)

[Scene: Street in front of the London Marriott, Joey and Chandler exit. Joey is carrying a video camera and is shooting Chandler.]

Joey: Come on! Do something!

Chandler: I am, I’m ignoring you.

Joey: Okay, here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his "pop-up" map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)

Chandler: Oh, what the hell is that?

Joey: It’s London, baby! All right, the hotel’s here. (Points to the map.) Wait. No, we wanna go… No. I know. (Sets the map down.) I’m gonna have to go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)

Chandler: Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!

Joey: I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.

Chandler: Okay. Listen-listen, we’re not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?

Joey: Shhh! (Pause) Man, you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)

[Scene: Another street, somewhere along the River Themes, Ross, Emily, and Monica are walking to where they’re gonna get married. Emily is relating the troubles with the caterer.]

Emily: …and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren’t any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We’re not gonna be…

Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, (Gives her the time-out signal.) honey, okay?

Emily: Well, up yours too!

Ross: What?! No! No! That’s-that’s time-out!

Emily: Sorry.

Ross: Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything’s gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.

Monica: Chicken Kiev?

Ross: Um-hmm! Doesn’t that sound delicious at the last minute?

Monica: Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn’t have to worry about the salmonella. (Ross pushes her.) So, I can’t wait to see this place you’re getting married!

Ross: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily’s parents got married here.

Emily: I still can’t believe they’re tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you’ll ever see. I mean it’s over… (She stops suddenly, when she sees that demolition has already started.) Oh my God!

Monica: It’s nice.

Emily: Oh. Oh. (She starts running towards the building.)

[Cut to inside.]

Emily: (running in, with Ross) Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?

Ross: It’s all right! Everything’s gonna be all right.

Emily: How’s it gonna be all right?!

Ross: Uh-huh, I see that.

Monica: (entering) Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.

Ross: What? What?

Monica: They torn it down a few days early.

[Scene: Westminster Abbey, Joey and Chandler have successfully navigated the streets of London and are approaching the Abbey.]

Joey: All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I’ve ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?

Chandler: I think it’s great. It’s great. Y’know, they’re thinking of changing the name of this place.

Joey: Really? To what?

Chandler: To Put the Camera Away!!!

Joey: Man, you are Westminster Crabby. (He starts chasing Chandler towards the Abbey.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is trying to move off of the couch as Rachel enters.]

Phoebe: Oh. Oh.

Rachel: Oh, honey! Don’t get up! What do you need?

Phoebe: Oh, no. Oh, nothing.

Rachel: Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.

Phoebe: Okay, I have a wedgie.

Rachel: Okay, that is all you.

Phoebe: So-so, what do you want for lunch?

Rachel: Oh, I don’t know. I guess we have to eat.

Phoebe: Yeah, I do. What’s the matter?

Rachel: I’m just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn’t have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.

Phoebe: Eh, don’t be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married…

Rachel: (interrupting) Still in love with?!

Phoebe: Yeah!

Rachel: I’m not in love with Ross!

Phoebe: Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.

Rachel: Phoebe, I’m going to Ross’s wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I’m still in love with him! I mean, hey, y’know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y’know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don’t mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn’t mean that-that I’m still in love with him. Y’know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him—Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my—why didn’t you tell me?!!

Phoebe: We thought you knew!

Rachel: We?!

Phoebe: Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!

Rachel: You all know? Does Ross know?

Phoebe: Oh no, Ross doesn’t know anything.

Rachel: Oh, I can not believe you didn’t tell me!

Phoebe: Well, because we thought you knew!! It’s so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."

[Scene: A park in London, Joey and Chandler walk up to a souvenir stand.]

Joey: Hey!

The Vendor: So, what are you guys in the market for? We’ve got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...

Joey: Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?

Chandler: Well, I don’t have to buy that, "I’m with stupid" T-shirt anymore.

Joey: Well, I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)

Chandler: All right, look, you’re not really gonna buy that are you? Don’t you think you’ve embarrassed me enough for one day?

Joey: Oh, I embarrass you?

Chandler: How can I answer that when I’m pretending I don’t know you?

The Vendor: He’s just jealous. You’ll fit right in; all Londoners wear them!

Chandler: Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?

The Vendor: (looks around) They’re all tourists.

Chandler: All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y’know, you’re gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.

Joey: Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.

The Vendor: Good choice.

Joey: Thanks.

Chandler: Okay, wait. All right, that’s it, okay, I’m out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore! (He trips over a box, falls into a flower stand and walks away trying to be cool.)

[Scene: The hotel, Ross’s room, Emily is entering.]

Emily: Hello?

Ross: Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we’ll be able to find a new place for the wedding.

Emily: We don’t have to.

Ross: Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?

Emily: No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.

Ross: She said what?

Emily: She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."

Ross: Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister’s teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? (He puts his pants on backwards.) This isn’t right.

Emily: I realize that people are going to be disappointed. But, I’m sure they’ll come back when we can do it right.

Ross: I can’t ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? (Holds out his pants)

Emily: Don’t you point your pants at me! (She throws them on the floor.) We have no choice! Anywhere that’s half-decent would’ve be booked months ago, Ross don’t you understand? This is our wedding I’m talking about.

Ross: The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we’re getting married.

Emily: So what are you saying? It’s now or never?

Ross: No. I’m saying it’s now. (He starts putting on his pants, backwards again.)

Emily: Or?

Ross: There’s no ‘or’ in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!

Emily: It’s not the pants. It’s you that is backwards. And if, and if you don’t understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn’t get married at all! (She storms out.)

Ross: (chasing her, trying to zip up his pants. His got them on right now.) No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please—(He catches something important in the zipper and howls like a little boy and falls to the floor.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is on the couch as Rachel returns carrying a bunch of shopping bags.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Rachel: (depressed) Hi.

Phoebe: So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?

Rachel: Manhattan does not have enough stores.

Phoebe: Well, I think I can help you get over him.

Rachel: You can?

Phoebe: Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.

Rachel: Um-hmm.

Phoebe: And a small piece of chocolate.

Rachel: Okay.

Phoebe: And a glass of tepid water. (She gathers up all of these things.)

Rachel: Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?

Phoebe: Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn’t feel like getting up. Okay, I’m gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you’re going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.

Rachel: I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.

Phoebe: Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s such a great guy. Here. (Hands her the picture, Rachel grabs it out of her hand.) Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you’re with Ross okay and imagine that you’re kissing him. And you’re-you’re running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it’s some kind of grease, it’s—uck! Hah?

Rachel: I don’t know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y’know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.

Phoebe: Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let’s try some uh, aversion therapy.

Rachel: Okay.

Phoebe: Okay?

Rachel: All right.

Phoebe: So uh, now look at the picture…

Rachel: Okay.

Phoebe: All right, and umm… (She grabs the picture and smacks her in the head.)

Rachel: Ow!

Phoebe: Okay, how do you feel now?

Rachel: Well, I like you less!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey’s hotel room. Chandler is watching TV as Joey returns, still wearing his hat.]

Joey: Hey.

Chandler: Hey. (He nods at the hat.)

Joey: Oh. (Takes off the hat.) Sorry!

Chandler: No-no-no, y’know what? I really shouldn’t have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn’t cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I’ve had a really lousy day.

Joey: Me too.

Chandler: Yeah?

Joey: Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!

Monica: (entering) Hey!

Joey: Sh-shh-shh! (He motions for her to watch something he has taped.)

[Cut to the tape Joey made in front of some famous place in London with a rather famous English-type person.]

Joey: (on tape) Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.

Fergie: (Yep, Sarah, the Duchess of York) Okay, so umm, what’s your friend’s name?

Joey: (on tape) Oh, Chandler.

Fergie: Hi Chandler! (Waves)

Chandler: That’s… That’s was…

Monica: Oh my God!

Joey: That’s Fergie baby!!

Fergie: Joey says you don’t really like his hat, but I think it’s kinda dashing.

Chandler: How did you? How? How?

Joey: Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and…(Ross enters) Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Ross: Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.

Monica: (laughs) Yes, I did! And you are welcome!

Ross: Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!

Monica: Umm…

Chandler: I’m gonna go to the bathroom.

Joey: Wait up! (They both run to the bathroom.)

Ross: Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn’t want to have the wedding at all?

Monica: She said that?!

Ross: Yeah.

Monica: Why?!

Ross: I don’t know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.

Monica: Oh my God. You’re even dumber than I am!

Ross: Excuse me?

Monica: Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?

Ross: I don’t know. A month?

Monica: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That’s what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.

Ross: I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.

Monica: Sometimes we were.

Ross: Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?

Monica: Okay.

Ross: Come on. (They leave and Chandler sticks his head out.)

Chandler: That was pretty intense huh?

Joey: Yeah. (Pause) Hey, I hope Ross didn’t think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!

Chandler: (glares at him) I hope he did!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Phoebe answers it.]

Phoebe: Hello.

Joey: (on phone) Hey, Pheebs! It’s Joey!

Phoebe: Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the—that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say ‘hi!’ but then I figured, he doesn’t care if he looks like you.

Joey: That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?

Phoebe: Ohh, they’re having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn’t been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?

Joey: Kinda, but I’ve just been having way too much fun.

Phoebe: So you’re not homesick yet?

Joey: No, I don’t think so.

Phoebe: All right, the seven of us miss you.

Joey: Who’s seven?

Phoebe: Y’know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies…

Joey: Ahh, the babies miss me?

(There is a knock on Rachel and Phoebe’s door.)

Phoebe: Ooh, the pizza guy’s here!

Joey: What? You ordered pizza without me?!

Phoebe: Yeah. But y’know we were thinking about you, y’know we ordered the Joey Special.

Joey: Two pizzas?!

Phoebe: Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.

Joey: Wait, well, where did you get it from?!

(Phoebe has already hung up, leaving Joey in the dark. So Joey decides to watch some TV and turns on a rerun of Cheers, with the theme song playing. At first, he’s happy, but as the song progresses Joey gets depressed and homesick.)

[Scene: Ross and Emily’s planned wedding place, Monica is dragging Emily in.]

Emily: Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!

Monica: You’ll see.

Emily: I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.

(At that Ross plugs in some Christmas lights to light the place up.)

Emily: Oh God.

Ross: Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y’know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles…

Monica: And the musicians, look, they can go over here (Points to a little alcove), okay? And the chairs can face this way (Points), and… (Points to Ross) You go.

Ross: But-but, if you don’t love this, we’ll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it’s fine, whatever you want.

Emily: It’s perfect.

Ross: And, I don’t know, if it starts to rain…

Emily: Well then we’ll get wet. (They kiss.)

Monica: Ohh. And I don’t even have a date.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is in her bedroom.]

Rachel: Pheebs?

Phoebe: Yeah?

Rachel: Do you remember where the duck food is?

Phoebe: Yeah, it’s in the guys’ apartment under the sink. Why?

Rachel: (enters with a bag packed) Because I’m going to London.

Phoebe: What?! What do you mean you’re going to London?

Rachel: Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don’t have those babies until I get back. (Kisses her stomach.)

Phoebe: I—Rachel, you can’t go! Ross loves Emily!

Rachel: Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.

Phoebe: That’s not why you’re going! You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."

Rachel: Ohh—Do you think he will?!

Phoebe: No! Because he’s in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you’re just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y’know, it’s too late! You missed you’re chance! I’m sorry, I know this must be really hard, it’s over.

Rachel: Y’know what? No. It’s not over until someone says, "I do." (Exits)

Phoebe: I do! I do! I do! (Chases her into the hall, but Rachel doesn’t stop.) I do! (Gives up.) Ugh, like I can really chase you. I’m carrying a litter.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Moving Shot towards The Waltham House. A phone   is ringing.]

Housekeeper: The Waltham Residence.

Phoebe: Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily’s Parents’ house.

Housekeeper: This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses oneself on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.

Phoebe: (In a British accent) This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it’s not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?

Housekeeper: Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it’s not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.

Phoebe: No no no, I’ll be nice, I swear!!!   Could you just give me the number for where they are?

Housekeeper: I’m afraid, I’m not at liberty to divulge that information.

Phoebe: Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don’t give me that number then I’m going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.

Housekeeper: Hangs up.

Phoebe: Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.

[Scene: Rehearsal dinner hall. Ross and Emily are standing in the reception area. Monica arrives with her parents.]

Monica: Hey.

Ross: (Ross hugs his mom and dad)Hi. Mom. Dad.

Mrs. Geller: Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube.

Mr. Geller: (embarrassed) Judy, the kids..

Mrs. Geller: Jack, that’s what they call the subway.

Mr. Geller: Ohh, I thought that you....

Ross and Monica: Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!

Emily: Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.

Mr. Waltham: (Shaking everyone's hand.) Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. (Looking over at his wife.) Darling it’s the Gellers. (She pays no attention she’s talking on a cellular phone.) (Louder) Darling, it’s the Gellers. (She’s still not responding.) She’s very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.

Mrs. Waltham: (Looking evilly at her husband) Sorry, what?

Mr. Waltham: It’s the Gellers!

Mrs. Waltham: Where?

Mr. Waltham: Well there’s one (pointing towards Jack) and there’s another (pointing towards Judy).

Mrs. Waltham: Lovely to meet you.

Mr. Waltham: Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding. (He hand a multipage bill to Jack.)

Mr. Geller: Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we’re happy to do it.

Mrs. Geller: We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw (patting Monica on the shoulder.).

Monica: Ha ha, a joke that’s funny in all countries.

(Ross quickly directs the families to their tables.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey are standing by the kitchen entrance. A waiter comes out.]

Waiter: Sir? (Looking at Joey.)

Joey: What’s in it?

Waiter: Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta. (Joey Looks down disgustingly at the food.)

Joey: (Looking up at the waiter)That’s not food...No, I don’t, no...(Taps Chandler on the shoulder.) Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can’t even remember what Phoebe looks like.

Chandler: Joey, it’s been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.

Joey: (Pointing  at Chandler.) Your different here too. Your mean in England. (Chandler throws his hands up to his head in frustration. They walk away from each other.)

[Camera pans to the Geller family table. Ross, Rachel, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are there.]

Mr. Geller: (Looking at ht wedding bill.) What the hell!!!

Ross: what’s up, Dad?

Mr. Geller: This bill for my half of the wedding. it’s insane.

Mrs. Geller: How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.

Mr. Geller: (Pointing items out on the bill.) Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I’m paying to remodel this guys house. (Angrily gets up.) I’m going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.

Ross: (Holding him back.)Dad, dad, please. Look I don’t want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. (Picks up the bill.) Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?

Mr. Geller: And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.

Mrs. Geller: Ooh, Jack....(He looks over to her) Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be. (They embrace and kiss passionately.)

Monica: (Looking nauseous from her parents kissing.) And I’m going to go get drunk. (Gets up to get a drink.)

[Scene: An airport in New York.]

Rachel: (Running to the ticket counter) Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. (Slightly out of breath) Hi.

Ticket Agent: (Cheerfully.) Hello.

Rachel: (Faking cheerfulness.) Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London?

Ticket Agent: (looking at her computer terminal) There’s one leaving in thirty minutes.

Rachel: Ohh, good.

Ticket Agent: And I do have one seat left.

Rachel: Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you.

Ticket Agent: The last minute fare on this ticket is twenty seven hundred dollars.

Rachel: (looking through her wallet.) Ohh, I just don’t think I have enough left on my credit card.

Ticket Agent: Well you can split it with another credit card.

Rachel: Ohh, okay, how about five. (She hands her all the credit cards.) Ohh, thank you.

Ticket Agent: I’m just going to need to see your passport.

Rachel: (Looking through her purse.) Okay, you know what? I don’t have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty. (She slides it across the counter.)

Ticket Agent: (Slides the twenty back and tosses her credit card onto the counter.)

[Scene: The Rehearsal dinner hall. Ross is at the Walthams’ table discussing the bill.]

Ross: Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.

Mr. Waltham: Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.

Ross: I go back there with lawn ornaments, he’s going to laugh in my face.

Mrs. Waltham: This is ridiculous. I mean we had an agreement. (Ross looks frustrated. She begins to scream at her husband.) Will you say something, Steven?! Please!!!

Mr. Waltham: Don’t take that tone with me. (She looks evilly at him.) All-all right you can. (He looks over at Ross and Shrugs.)

[Scene: The Girls apartment. Phoebe is dialing the phone and Rachel runs in the door.]

Rachel: (Running to her room.) Hi, Pheebs.

Phoebe: (Looking relieved. She puts down the phone.) Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don’t want to talk about it, that’s fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...

Rachel: (Running back out the door with her passport.) Bye, Pheebs.

Phoebe: (Trying to get up.) Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! (Not able to get up.) God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!

[Scene: The Rehearsal Dinner Hall. Chandler, Joey, Ross, Emily, Monica, and all the bridal party are seated at the table. Chandler gets up to make a toast.]

Chandler: I’d like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. (No one in the room laughs. He starts to get flustered.) Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. (Ross looks embarrassed.) And I thought things were going to work out for him..Until the day he over inflated her. (He laughs. Jack looks at Judy and no one in the room laughs.) Ohh, Dear God.. (A cellular phone rings.)

Mrs. Waltham: Hello, Waltham Interiors.

Phoebe: Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross’s sister Monica.

Mrs. Waltham: Who is this?

Phoebe: Oh, I’m Phoebe Buffay. I’m one of Ross’s best friends.

Mrs. Waltham: Well, if you’re on e of Ross’s best friends, why aren’t you here?

Phoebe: Yeah, um, I can’t fly. I’m having my brother’s babies.

Mrs. Waltham: Oh, am I on the radio?

Phoebe: No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It’s very very important.

Mrs. Waltham: No, I’m bored with you now. I’m going to cut you off. (She hangs up.)

Phoebe: Ohh! Okay, I’m going to have to kick her ass too.

Chandler: (Continuing his toast.) And I’m sure we’re all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. (No reaction from the people.) Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily. (He sits down.)

Joey: Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I’m not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now?

(One of the bridesmaids, Felicity, puts her arm around Joey.)

Felicity: (Putting her arm around Joey.) Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.

Joey: (Putting his arm around her.) I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart.

[Scene: Later that evening at the rehearsal dinner. Chandler and Monica are sitting on a sofa. Chandler is covering his face in embarrassment because of the toast.]

Monica: I was laughing. (Patting him on the knee.)

Chandler: Out loud?

Monica: Well I didn’t want everyone to think I was stupid.

Chandler: So how are you doing?

Monica: My mother’s driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I’m happy. (A drunken man approaches.) I’m not going to let anything spoil that.

Drunk Man: I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.

Monica: Well, thanks, we like him.

Drunk Man: My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him. (Monica stares straight forward after the comment. Chandler tries to console her by patting her on the shoulder.)

(Ross and Emily’s parents are seated at a table. Ross is between them and they are discussing the wedding bill.)

Mr. Geller: There’s no way in hell, I’m paying for it.

Ross: Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.

Mr. Geller: All-right fine, but I just want to say, I’m not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren’t for us, cheap little man. (Emily’s stepmum looks shocked. Jack and Judy get up and leave.)

(Chandler’s trying to console Monica.)

Chandler: The guy was hammered, okay? There’s no way, you look like Ross’s mother.

Monica: Then why would he say it?

Chandler: Because he’s crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.

Monica: Oh, my mother’s right. I’m never going to get married.

Chandler: Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn’t want you?

Monica: Ohh, Please?! I’m a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!

[Scene: The airport. Rachel runs up to the ticket counter.]

Rachel: Hi, I’m back. Listen, I need to...

Ticket Agent: Hello.

Rachel: Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.

Ticket Agent: Oh I’m afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.

Rachel: Okay, you know what/ You’re going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.

Ticket Agent: I can’t do that.

Rachel: Sure, you know what? Come on, we’ll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".

Ticket Agent: I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.

Rachel: Look, If I don’t get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!

Ticket Agent: I can’t imagine why.

Rachel: All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!! (She pounds her hand on the counter twice. The ticket agent counters by placing the closed sign on the counter and tapping it twice.)

[Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Ross bursts into the room.]

Ross: (Screaming) I’m getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!

Chandler: (With the covers pulled up to his chin.) Morning, Ross.

Ross: I’m getting married, to..day!!

Chandler: Yeah you are!!

Ross: Ahh, whoo-hoo!!(He runs back out the door.

Monica: (Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.) Do you think he knew I was here? (Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Chandler and Monica are lying in the bed together talking. There’s an awkward air between them. They are both clutching the covers in from of them.]

Chandler: Well I’ve-I’ve never done that with you before.

Monica: (In am uneasy voice.) Nope. (She chuckles uneasily.)

Chandler: So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?

Monica: Yep, yep...You?

Chandler: Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You?(Looking over at her. She looks back.) We did you.

Monica: Well...I’d better get going.

Chandler: Oh yea yea, absolutely.

Monica: (Scoots towards the side of the bed.) Could you not look?

Chandler: I don’t want to look.

[Scene: The Virgin Atlantic flight to London that Rachel is on.]

Rachel: Ohhh.(she rhythmically taps her hands on the magazine on her lap.)

Passenger: Ahh, ahh, excuse me.

Rachel: Yeah?

Passenger: If you’re planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.

Rachel: Oh. I’m sorry. I’m very sorry. Sorry. (She hums and sighs happily.) It’s just, I’m ahh, I’m kinda excited. I’m, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and... (He puts his headphones on to ignore her.)

[Scene: Joey enters his hotel room. The phone is ringing.]

Joey: Hello?

Phoebe: (Angrily.) Hey, were the hell have you been?!

Joey: Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...

Phoebe: I don’t want to hear about her!!

Joey: Ahh Pheebs, you know you’re still my number one girl.

Phoebe: No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel’s coming to London.

Joey: Ohh great!!!

Phoebe: No it’s not great. No, she’s coming to tell Ross that she loves him.

Joey: (Confused.) But, he loves Emily?

Phoebe: I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She’s going to ruin the wedding!!

Joey: Okay.

Phoebe: All right, so, okay...

Joey: Hold on. Hold on. (Picking up a note pad and writing and reading the message aloud.) Rachel coming. Do...Something.

Phoebe: Okay, so I’m done my part, okay. It’s your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?

Joey: Right!

Phoebe: So tell me about this girl?

(The guys hotel room. Joey’s there. Chandler comes out of the bathroom in a robe.)

Joey: Hey.

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Have you seen Monica?

Chandler: (Very defensive.) I’m not seeing Monica.

Joey: (With a confused look on his face.) What?

Chandler: What?

Joey: Look we’ve got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel’s coming to tell Ross she loves him!!

Chandler: Oh my god!

Joey: I know! That’s why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?

Chandler: No!! Okay!! What’s with the third degree?! Why don’t you just shine a light in my eyes?! (Joey looks totally confused.)

[Scene: The plane. Rachel's telling her story to the passenger on her left. The one on her left is still wearing his headphones.]

Rachel: ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn’t come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...

Passenger: (Frustrated he takes his headphones off.) Oh, oh oh!! I’m sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.

Rachel: Ehh, pardon me?

Passenger: You say you love this man, yet you’re about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I’m afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.

Rachel: But he has to know how I feel!

Passenger: But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.

Rachel: (Sighing) Well I-I think your wrong.

Passenger: Oh-no.(He bites his fist at her.)And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break. (Rachel gasps and doesn’t know what to say. He puts his headphones back on.)

[Scene: The church where Ross and Emily are to be married. Judy, Andrea, and Monica enter together.]

Mrs. Geller: (Looking around at the chapel.) Oh my God! It’s like a fairyland.

Mrs. Waltham: I know, it’s horrible isn’t it?

Monica: Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.

Mrs. Geller: I just hope...

Monica: (Angrily.) You can let some of them go by!(Judy and Andrea go to the front of the chapel. Joey approaches Monica.)

Joey: (Whispering.) Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I’ll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.

Monica: (Awkwardly.) Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don’t even like Chandler.

Joey: Okay. (They both walk off to watch for Rachel.)

(Ross and chandler are standing next to the alter. Ross is practicing for the wedding.)

Ross: (Using a slightly different inflection for each.) I do. I do. I do.

Chandler: Oh yea, your right. It’s the second one.

Ross: (Very Nervous)Really?

[Scene: Joey’s in the front entrance watching for Rachel. The bridesmaid he met at the rehearsal dinner come in.)

Felicity: (In a sexy voice.)Hello Joey.

Joey: Hey, Felicity.

Felicity: Umm, I thought about you all day.

Joey: Yeah.

Felicity: Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.

Joey: (In a New York accent.) Fuggetaboutit. (She giggles.) How you doin?

Felicity: Mmm. (She pushes him up against the wall and they begin to kiss.)

Joey: Oh, yeah.

(Back in the chapel. The parents are still fighting over the bill. Ross is refereeing.)

Mrs. Geller: There’s nothing to discuss. We’re not paying for your wine cellar.

Mr. Waltham: (Pleading.) You-you have to meet me in the middle here.

Mr. Geller: (Forcefully.) Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.

Ross: Dad!! (Emily comes running in.)

Emily: What-what’s going on?!

Ross: Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.

Mr. Waltham: You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? (Pointing at Jack and poking him) You want a piece of me?

Ross: (Stepping in between them.)Okay! Okay! That’s it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day!   From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! (Pointing at his mother.) That’s right!!

Mr. Geller: Okay, okay.

Mr. Waltham: Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. (Them all walk away. As he leaves he mutters to Jack.) I could kill you with my thumb, you know.

Emily: What was all that about?

Ross: (Sighing.) It was...This disagreement over...(She sighs. Ross notices her in her wedding dress.) My god. You...you look beautiful.

Emily: (Giggles.) Ohh...(She realizes that she’s in her gown.) Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It’s bad luck.

Ross: You know what, I think we’ve had all the bad luck we’re going to have. (He hugs her.)

(The front entrance. Joey and the bridesmaid are up against the wall kissing. Rachel comes in the door and walks by Joey unnoticed. She walks into the chapel and sees Ross and Emily kissing. She looks as though she wants to cry. Emily walks away and Ross turns and sees Rachel standing there.)

Ross: My God. Rachel! (He walks towards her, grasps her hands and kisses her on the cheek.) Your here. I can’t believe it. (She giggles.) What happen? Why are you here?

Rachel: Well I just came...(She touches him near his heart. She’s almost in tears.) I just needed to tell you...(Looking into his eyes. She takes a deep breath.) Congratulations. (He hugs her. She can barely hold back the tears.)

[Scene: Camera fades to one of the band members playing guitar at the wedding. The chapel is full of guest. A groomsmen escorts a bridesmaid down the isle. Joey is waiting with Mrs. Waltham to escort he down the isle. A cellular phone rings.]

Mrs. Waltham: (Answering the phone.) Hello, Waltham Interiors.

Phoebe: Mrs. Waltham. Hi. It’s Phoebe again.

Mrs. Waltham: (Throws her head back in disgust.) Why?!

Phoebe: Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.

Mrs. Waltham: (Slapping the phone into Joey’s chest.) Joey there’s a girl on the phone for you.

Joey: (Smiling.) Ohh great!! (Putting the phone to his ear.) Hello. (He begins to escort her down the aisle.)

Phoebe: Did you stop Rachel?

Joey: No, but it’s okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.

Phoebe: So nothing got ruined?

Joey: No.

Phoebe: Oh that’s so great! Ohh, so what’s going on now?

Joey: Ah, I’m-I’m walking down the aisle...Still walking. (Mrs. Waltham takes her place.) I’m about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. (Looking at the bridesmaid.) Hey! (Talking to Phoebe.) I told her "Hey." And now I’m at the front with Ross. It’s Phoebe. (He shows Ross the phone.) He looks pretty mad. Uh...I’d better go.

Phoebe: No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen. (Joey looks at Ross and holds the phone above Ross’s shoulder.)

(Chandler escorts Monica down the aisle.)

Chandler: What we did last night was....

Monica: Stupid.

Chandler: Totally crazy stupid. (He nods his head at the people seated.)

Monica: What were we thinking?

Chandler: I’m coming over tonight though, right?

Monica: Oh yeah. Definitely.

(They quickly take their places and Here Comes the Bride Begins to play. Everyone seated looks back. Emily is being escorted up the aisle by her father. She kisses him on the cheek and takes her place by Ross’s side.)

Minister: Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...

Emily: I, Emily...

Minster: Take thee Ross...

Emily: Take thee Ross...

Minster: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.

Emily: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts us.

Minster: Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...

Ross: I Ross...

Minister: Take thee, Emily...

Ross: Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.

Minister: (Looking and feeling awkward. he looks towards Emily.) Uhh...Shall I go on?

(Rachel looks all around as if all the eyes in the chapel were looking at her as the picture fades to black.)
