[Scene: The Wedding Chapel, continued from last season. Chandler and Monica are about to get married.]

Chandler: Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!

Monica: Are you sure you wanna do this?

(Suddenly the doors burst open, and ROSS AND RACHEL COME OUT ARM-IN-ARM!!!!! And Rachel's carrying a bouquet!!! THEY GOT MARRIED!!!!)

Ross: Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)

Rachel: Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.)

(They storm out into the street.)

Rachel: Wait! (Gets her bearings) Okay!

(She goes one way; he goes the other. The camera pans back to Chandler and Monica, and needless to say, they're standing there dumbstruck.)

Monica: Whoa!

Chandler: Oh my God!

Joey: (entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!

Phoebe: Okay! Okay! Okay! (They run into the chapel.)

(Chandler and Monica are stunned again.)

Chandler: Oh my God!! Is everybody getting married?!!

(Phoebe and Joey run back out and head towards the street.)

Attendant: (scolding them) N-No running in the chapel!

Phoebe: (to her) Hey! Don’t you give me any of your—Hey! (Sees Chandler and Monica standing there.)

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Monica: What are you guys doing here?

Joey: Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn’t that why you guys are here?

Chandler: Yes! Well that-yes.

Monica: Why else would we be here?

Joey: Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?

Chandler: We actually missed it.

Phoebe: Well, maybe you wouldn’t have had you (turns to the attendant) run in the chapel!

Monica: This is insane!

Phoebe: What’s the big deal, y’know? It’s not like it’s a real marriage.

Chandler: What?!

Phoebe: Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you’re only married in Vegas.

Monica: What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you’re married everywhere.

Phoebe: (shocked) Really?!

Monica: Yeah!

Phoebe: Oh my God!—Eh! Well…

Opening Credits

{Transciber’s note: In case you haven’t heard, Courteney Cox got married to David Arquette during hiatus and changed her name to Courteney Cox Arquette. But David was a busy boy during the off season for not only did he marry but everyone else as well. For they’re all listed as Jennifer Aniston Arquette, Lisa Kudrow Arquette, in an interesting twist Matt LeBlanc Arquette, Matthew Perry Arquette, David Schwimmer Arquette, and even the creators of the show are now David Crane Arquette and Marta Kauffman Arquette. I just wonder what the new sleeping arrangements are…}

[Scene: Rachel’s hotel room, she’s waking up with a horrendous hangover.]

Rachel: Ohhh! (Looks in the mirror and sees that she still has her mustache and groans.)

(Suddenly, there’s movement beside her, startling her. It’s Ross! He wakes up and they both start screaming in terror. Then they both grab their heads having aggravated their hangovers.)

Ross: Why are we in bed together?

Rachel: I don’t know. Do-do you have any clothes on?

Ross: (checks) Yeah.

Rachel: Really?!

Ross: No! But we-we didn’t have…sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don’t remember much about last night, it was such a blur.

Rachel: Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.

Ross: And we didn’t have sex.

(Rachel agrees with him and starts to get out of bed.)

Rachel: Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I’m just glad we didn’t do anything stupid.

Ross: (getting up) Tell me about it. (He sits up on the edge of the bed and has "Just Married" written on his back.)

[Scene: The breakfast buffet, Phoebe is already sitting at the table as Joey enters.]

Joey: Mornin’ Pheebs. (Sits down.) Well, my movie has officially been canceled.

Phoebe: Oh Joey, I’m so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?

Joey: Nah, I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home with you guys, what time’s your flight?

Phoebe: What about my cab?

Joey: I don’t need that anymore.

Phoebe: No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.

Joey: I don’t want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. (Gets an idea.) Oh—ooh! How about you come with me?

Phoebe: I don’t know, it’s such a long trip.

Joey: It’ll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.

Phoebe: Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?

Joey: Sure?

Phoebe: All right. Although I don’t think we need one, I never stopped loving you.

(Chandler and Monica enter.)

Chandler: Hi!

Joey: Hey.

Monica: Hey.

Chandler: So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?

Phoebe: Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.

Joey: Where is the waitress?! I’m starving!

Chandler: It’s a buffet man.

Joey: Oh, here’s where I win all my money back! (Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)

Chandler: Listen, I gotta talk to you.

Joey: Sure! What’s up? (He grabs a plate and proceeds to load it with a huge pile of scrambled eggs. Chandler just stares at him and Joey reluctantly gives him a spoonful.)

Chandler: Monica and I almost got married last night.

Joey: Oh my God! That’s huge! (Hugs him.) Wait a minute, why come I wasn’t invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don’t say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."

Chandler: Look, I just don’t think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y’know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y’know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?

Joey: Oh! Tell her she’s not marriage material.

Chandler: What?!

Joey: Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she’s anything like me, she’s just gonna be relieved.

[Pan to Monica and Phoebe having the same conversation.]

Monica: How do I tell Chandler that it’s too soon. It’s gonna break his heart, he’s not gonna think that I don’t love him anymore.

Phoebe: Well you don’t.

Monica: Yes I do!

Phoebe: Good! Good! I was just testing you.

Chandler: (returning with Joey) Hi.

Monica: Oh hi! Hi! Y’know, we were just talking about bacon.

Phoebe: No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable.

(Ross and Rachel enter.)

Ross: Hey!

The Girls: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

(They both sit down and Rachel pours them both some coffee. They’re acting like nothing’s happened and everyone is just staring at them.)

Ross: What?

Chandler: Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or…

Rachel: (To Ross) I don’t know. (To the gang.) What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.

Ross: Yeah!

Phoebe: Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch.

(Rachel turns to Ross stunned.)

Monica: Rach! We weren’t gonna miss our friends getting married!

Rachel: (gasps) Who got married?! (Ross is as surprised to hear this as she is.)

Chandler: (not quite sure) You did.

Ross: What?! Hello! We didn’t get married.

Rachel: No, we didn’t get married! That’s ridiculous!

(They turn to look at each other and suddenly remember that they did in fact get married.)

Ross: We-we-we—I remember being in a chapel.

Rachel: Oh my God.

Ross: I—They would not let us get married when we were that drunk!

Rachel: No!

Joey: They let you get married when you’re drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!

Phoebe: Hell, I’m drunk right now! (They all turn and look at her.) What? I can’t have a mimosa with breakfast?! I’m on vacation!

Monica: What are you guys gonna do?

Rachel: Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer? (Looks at Ross.)

Chandler: Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one’s free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one’s free.

Ross: Laugh it up, but the joke’s on you. Because we don’t need to get divorced, okay? We we’re just gonna get an annulment.

Joey: An annulment? Ross! I don’t think surgery’s the answer here.

Phoebe: Oh-oh, that’s your thing.

Ross: What?

Phoebe: You’re thing. You’re thing. Y’know? You’re the guy who gets divorced.

All: Oh yeah!

Ross: No-no, that’s-that’s not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!

Phoebe: Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you’re probably gonna marry it! Then it won’t work out and you’re gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. (Pause) I’m so drunk.

[Scene: The casino floor, Chandler and Monica are walking through it.]

Monica: So, what do you think we should do?

Chandler: I don’t know. But I-I-I know I love you!

Monica: I know I love you! (They hug.)

Chandler: So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.

Monica: That’s a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!

Chandler: Yes, we don’t get married unless there’s a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight (motions to the craps table) then there’s a definite sign that we should get married.

Monica: All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don’t get married.

Chandler: Sounds great.

Monica: Okay. (They approach the craps table.)

Croupler: Coming in, we got a shooter! Money please.

Monica: Ready?

Chandler: Ready!

Monica: (sarcastic) Come on eight.

Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, yes eight.

(Monica rolls the dice.)

Croupler: Eight! Easy eight. (She rolls a 3 and a 5 and they’re stunned.)

Monica: Wow! I can’t believe I actually rolled an eight.

Chandler: That was so unlikely. Well, let’s get married! I guess.

Monica: Wait a minute. That wasn’t a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.

Chandler: That’s right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!

Monica: I wanted it so bad! (Pause) Wanna go pack?

Chandler: Yeah. (They go pack.) We’re doing the right thing, right?

Monica: Ohh, of course we are! (They walk up to the elevators.) We left it up to fate. (Pushes the elevator button.) If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign. (The elevator door opens to a priest reading from a bible with Chandler and Monica standing side-by-side holding each other’s hands.)

[Scene: Phoebe’s cab, Phoebe and Joey are driving back. Phoebe is driving while Joey is sleeping.]

Phoebe: Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. (Joey groans.) Come on Joey! You can’t win if you don’t ask any (sees that he’s asleep) QUESTIONS!!!

Joey: (wakes up) What?!

Phoebe: Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!

Joey: All right. All right.

Phoebe: Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio’s broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.

Joey: Really? I don’t…

Phoebe: Sing!!

Joey: (starts singing) I wanna rock and roll all night! (Falls asleep.)

[Time lapse, Phoebe is asleep, Joey’s driving and having a hard time staying awake.]

Joey: (to himself) Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.)

[Time lapse, Phoebe is still asleep only Joey is now passed out next to her and the car’s still moving. She wakes up, sees Joey, and screams.]

Hitchhiker: (driving) Morning! (Phoebe screams again.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is on the couch as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Hey, hubby!

Ross: Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?

Rachel: Uh-huh.

Ross: I’m not going to do that. (Rachel glares at him.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier. Rachel starts laughing.]

Rachel: Okay! So, we’ll just stay married.

Ross: Yes, exactly!

Rachel: And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!

Ross: Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I’d have to talk you into this more.

Rachel: Okay, see now I’m scared because I don’t actually think you’re kidding.

Ross: I’m-I’m not kidding. Look I-I, I can’t have three failed marriages. I can’t. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!

Rachel: What-wh-what so we’ll just stay married forever?!

Ross: Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It’s right next to it!

Rachel: Ohh, okay, I’m sorry. You’re right. Y’know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you’re asking of me.

Ross: I’m asking you to do me a favor.

{Note: Does anyone else want to smack Ross right about now? Raise your hands. Okay, put them down before you stink out the person next to you.}

Rachel: You are asking me to be your wife!

Ross: And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.

[Scene: The hallway, Chandler is helping Monica to the door.]

Monica: That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.

Chandler: Well you did pull his hair.

Monica: He took my snack!

Chandler: I’m not getting into this again!

Monica: Okay! Oh God, y’know what? It’s really bad.

Chandler:  Well, I told you not to walk. Here. (Picks her up.) There. Okay. (He opens the door, carries her across the threshold, stops, backs out, and lets go of Monica who is only holding on by his neck.)

Monica: This doesn’t mean anything, does it?

Chandler: No!

Monica: Okay.

[Scene: Phoebe’s cab, she’s driving, Joey’s in the back seat, and the hitchhiker is riding up front with Phoebe.]

Phoebe: (To Joey) How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape—(She holds her hand in front of the hitchhiker’s face), a rapist or a killer or something!

Joey: Don’t you think I asked him that before he got in?!

Phoebe: Y’know what? I’m not talking to you! You go back to sleep! (To the hitchhiker) And you, are you a rapist?!

Hitchhiker: No!

Phoebe: Do you like car games?

Hitchhiker: Yeah, y’know the license plate game?

Phoebe: I love the license plate game!

Joey: Ooh, I’ll play! I’ll play!

Phoebe: No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh! (She closes the partition.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering.]

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Ross: Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. (Rachel shakes her head.) We register, and you get to keep all the presents!

Rachel: (thinks about it for a second) No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.

Ross: I don’t know if it’s true.

Rachel: Oh b-b-but it is!

Ross: Oh, okay, y’know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...

Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world’s worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!

Ross: All right. All right, I’ll do it.

Rachel: Thank you. (He goes to leave.) Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?

(Ross turns and leaves.)

[Scene: Phoebe’s cab, it’s the same arrangement as before.]

Hitchhiker: Wait! Wait! There is the train station!

Phoebe: Oh, okay.

Hitchhiker: This is where I get off. Well, I have your address and phone number.

Phoebe: And I have your name and the fact that you’re a drifter, so the ball’s pretty much in your court.

Hitchhiker: All right, see ya Pheebs. (Gets out and Phoebe drives away.)

Joey: Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? (Starts singing.) Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!

Phoebe: Stop it! Stop it no! That’s not fair! Y’know I can’t resist that beautiful voice!

Joey: Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.

Phoebe: You can still sleep at night and stuff.

Joey: Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I’ve got a really good one! I’ve been thinking about it since Kansas.

Phoebe: Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?

Joey: Yes.

Phoebe: Is it a meatball sub?

Joey: That is incredible! You are the master!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are there and Rachel is arranging a bouquet of flowers, pricks her finger on a thorn, throws the bouquet over her head, and those you who are quicker than some already know that Monica is the one who catches it.]

Rachel: Huh, that’s funny. You look like you’re gonna be the…

Monica: No, don’t say it! Don’t even think it!

Rachel: All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful. (Exits.)

Chandler: All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y’know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.

Monica: I’m sick of the signs! It’s too fast, I’m happy the way things are!

Chandler: Me too!

Monica: I don’t want things to change! Do you?

Chandler: No!

Monica: All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it’s been three days and it’s driving me insane!

Chandler: Jeez, relax! It’s not like we’re mar-ah-ah!! (Runs out.)

Chandler: (entering, slowly) Y’know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?

Monica: Then all your stuff would be here.

Chandler: Well, what if all my stuff was here?

Monica: Then you’d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn’t make any sense.

Chandler: Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I’m saying?

Monica: Live together? There have been no signs for that.

Chandler: Me asking is kind of a sign.

Monica: YES!!!!!!!!

Chandler: Okay!!!!!

(And the crowd goes wild! Well, at least the live studio audience.)

Monica: Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!

Chandler: Okay.

Monica: Here’s your key (Gets him one.)

Chandler: Oh thanks.

Monica: Here’s your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!

Chandler: The door hasn’t been locked in five years, but okay! (Runs out.) Ready?!

Monica: Ready!

(He tries, but something happens.)

Chandler: Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can’t get in!

Monica: Wait! Oh my God! I can’t get out!

Chandler: This is not a sign!

Monica: No, it’s not a sign! It’s a very old key!

Chandler: It’s an old key!

Monica: Oh my God it’s old!

Chandler: I love you!

Monica: I love you!

Chandler: Are you hugging the door right now.

(Pause)

Monica: No.

Chandler: Yeah-yeah, me neither.

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel and Phoebe are on the couch as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Hey, so did everything go all right with the annulment?

Ross: Oh, yeah, no problems. It’s all taken care of.

Rachel: Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?

Ross: Oh yeah, why not?

Rachel: Pheebs?

Phoebe: No thanks, I’ve already seen one.

Rachel: Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)

Ross: Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?

Phoebe: Always.

Ross: I didn’t get the annulment.

Phoebe: What?!

Ross: We’re still married! Don’t tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: The hallway, Joey is coming up the stairs and sees Chandler trying to open the lock.]

Joey: What are you doing?

Chandler: The key’s stuck in the lock.

Joey: I can fix it. Hold on. (He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment) Look out. Look out. (Pries at the door a little bit.)

Chandler: (trying the handle) It still doesn’t work.

Joey: I’m not finished.

Chandler: Oh.

(Joey goes back into the apartment, runs back into the hallway, throws his shoulder against the door, and knocks it down off it’s hinges.)

Chandler: Nice job Joe! You’re quite the craftsmen.

(Joey pats him on the stomach and heads to bed.)

[Scene: Central Perk, it’s the same scene from the end of last week’s show. Phoebe and Rachel are sitting on the couch as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Hey, so did everything go okay with the annulment?

Ross: Oh, yeah, no problems. It’s all taken care of.

Rachel: Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?

Ross: Oh yeah, why not?

Rachel: Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)

Ross: Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?

Phoebe: Always.

Ross: I didn’t get the annulment.

Phoebe: What?!

Ross: We’re still married! Don’t tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.)

[Cut to outside Central Perk.]

Ross: (To Rachel) Hey, do you have any gum?

Rachel: Oh? Yeah! Sure!

Phoebe: (running out) Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?

Rachel: Oh but Phoebe, we’re gonna be late for the movie.

(A cab pulls up.)

Phoebe: Oh, there’s a cab! Taxi!! (The cab stops and she opens the door.) Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. (Pushes Rachel in and closes the door.)

Rachel: Yeah, we’re, we’re actually just gonna walk ‘cause it’s right up there at the Angelica.

Phoebe: Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! (She bangs on the cab’s roof and it pulls away.) (To Ross) You didn’t get the annulment?!!

Ross: I know.

Phoebe: Ross?!

Ross: Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer’s office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don’t want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.

Phoebe: Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y’know? Mine’s gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.

Ross: Look, all I know is I-I can’t have another failed marriage!

Phoebe: So okay what? You’re gonna be married to a girl who doesn’t even know about it?!—Op, woman! Sorry.

Ross: Well, okay so, I don’t have it all worked out quite yet. Just don’t say anything to Rachel, please?

Phoebe: Rachel is one of my closest friends. (Pause) Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!

(Rachel’s cab backs up.)

Rachel: (to the driver) Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!

Phoebe: Hey Rach!

Rachel: What was that?!

Phoebe: Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?

Rachel: I haven’t seen it yet!

Phoebe: Well then you’d better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go! (Bangs on the roof again and off they go.)

Rachel: Noooooooo!!

Opening Credits

{Transciber’s note: In case you’re wondering, and I know you are. Their names are all back to normal. Just in a slightly smaller font than usual to allow Courteney Cox Arquette to fit on one line and not be smaller than the rest of their names. Now, on with the show…}

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are cuddling on the couch.]

Chandler: Y’know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?

Monica: Of course! Joey wouldn’t let you have one?

Chandler: No. When it comes to sweets, he’s surprisingly strict.

Monica: Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you’re moving out?

Chandler: No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "…go to the bathroom." He may think I’m sick.

Monica: Y’know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I… We just have to get it over with! Y’know, the next time we see them we’re just gonna tell them. Okay? That’s it.

Chandler: Oh, so that’s this is gonna work now? You’re just gonna order me around all the time?

Monica: Pretty much.

Chandler: All right.

Joey: (entering) Hey Monica!

Monica: Hi!

Joey: (To Chandler) Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)

Monica: Joey, we have something to tell you.

Joey: Oh my God! You’re pregnant!

Chandler: No-o-o! (To Monica) No? (She nods no.) No-o-o! Look Joey, here’s the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I’m gonna be moving out man.

Joey: Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh… Hey! I’m really happy for you guys! Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)

Monica: Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!

Joey: Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door, pauses, and turns back.) Like you’d believe that. This sucks!

Chandler: Look, I-I’m just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I’m moving right back in with you!

Joey: (To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He’s a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm… Oh-oh he always, he always umm—Oh, who am I kidding! He’s the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is on the couch as Monica enters.]

Monica: Hey Pheebs!

Phoebe: Hey!

Monica: Hey, have you seen Rachel?

Phoebe: No, why?

Monica: I have some pretty exciting news!

Phoebe: (gasps) You’re pregnant!

Monica: No! Chandler and I are moving in together!

Phoebe: Ooh! That’s good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you name it? Hint: Phoebe.

(Ross returns from getting some coffee.)

Ross: Hey! Hi!

Monica: Hey!

Ross: What’s up?

Monica: Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.

Ross: Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend…shaking up. Oh, that’s great. That’s great. (Kisses and hugs her.)

Phoebe: Guys, I’m happy too.

Monica: Okay, come here! (Phoebe joins them in the hug.)

Phoebe: Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled… (Winks at Ross.)

Monica: Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn’t seem so bad? (Exits.)

Ross: Bye.

Phoebe: Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel… Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!

Ross: Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody’s stairs!

Phoebe: Ross, it’s not that big a deal! So you’ll been divorced three times, you’ll still have a life, you’ll go on dates…

Ross: (interrupting) No! No, I won’t! I’ll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.

Phoebe: Ross, you’re being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!

Ross: Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?

Phoebe: Y’know that’s really fair. Y’know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I’ll show you! Come here.

Ross: What?! Why?

(She grabs his arm and drags him over to a table where three beautiful women are sitting. Now, I’m going to go out on a limb and say that their names are Stephanie, Karin, and Meg. Okay, so I looked at the credits. Of course, only Meg is named later on, so I’ll have to guess who is Stephanie and who is Karin. But, we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.)

Phoebe: (to the girls) Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn’t you date him?

Ross: And if you wait right here, I’ll go get Ross. (Phoebe grabs his arm and prevents him from escaping.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is pacing anxiously waiting for Rachel.]

Chandler: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!

Chandler: (looking down) What gave me away?

Monica: I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she’s the only one left!

Chandler: Okay, so that’s it, everybody knows! It’s official, we’re moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?

Monica: No.

Chandler: Wow that was my scariest voice! You’re very brave.

(They hug as Rachel enters.)

Rachel: Hey!

Chandler: Hey.

Rachel: Ugh, the worse day! Y’know, you think you’re making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.

Chandler: Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. (Awkward silence ensues.) Seriously.

Rachel: I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!

Chandler: Well, I-I still think you’re very-very nice and very pretty…

Rachel: What?

Chandler: (To Monica) All yours babe. (Walks away.)

Monica: Have a seat. (They sit at the table.) Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.

Rachel: Oh my God! That’s so great! I’m so happy for you guys!

Monica: Really?!

Rachel: And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!

Monica: Yes, we are. (Chandler is frantically trying to get Monica to correct her.)

Rachel: And Chandler, you’re gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can’t be late.

Chandler: Rach…

Monica: Yeah, he’s gonna work on that.

Rachel: Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God… (Gasps and starts to sing) Come and knock on my door…

Monica: (singing) We’ll be waiting for you…

{Transciber’s note: I’ll finish that one for those of you who don’t know what they’re talking about. Where the towels are Hers and Hers and His, Three’s Company too! Yeah, that’s the theme song for Three’s Company.}

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is hosting an impromptu roundtable discussion with Stephanie, Karin, and Meg about Ross’s three divorces.]

Ross: …once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn’t allow you to get married when you’re that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada’s fault.

Phoebe: Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn’t be interested? Who wouldn’t want to date him?

Stephanie: Well the divorces don’t bother me, I’d date him. But, not while he’s still married.

Phoebe: Okay, what about you? (Points to Karin) Wouldn’t you want a date?

Karin: Actually, I’m dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y’know bad for me, so until I work that out…

Phoebe: (interrupting) Whatever! What about you Meg?

Meg: Well, I don’t care about the divorces either, but I wouldn’t date him. It’s just that he’s obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.

Ross: What?!

Phoebe: (leaning to him) She said, "He’s obviously still in love with this Rachel girl." (He glares at her.)

Ross: This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?

Phoebe: Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.

Ross: We were drunk! I would’ve married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!

Phoebe: Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!

Ross: (to the panel) Look, I’m sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don’t want to be divorced three times.

Phoebe: Yes, and now he’s using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.

Ross: (getting up) Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I’ll go to my lawyer’s office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth—(leans down to Meg’s ear)—Nothing!!

Meg: Okay now I wouldn’t date you because you seem a little creepy.

Karin: I am so attracted to him right now.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are still debating about how to tell Rachel that Chandler’s moving in and she’s moving out.]

Chandler: Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?

Monica: Soon! I-I just couldn’t before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn’t do that to her, she’s my best friend!

Chandler: Well, Joey’s my best friend.

Monica: I’m not your best friend?

Chandler: You just said… Of course you’re my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?

Monica: All right, all right, at least I’m prepared.

Chandler: Okay. (She grabs a tin of freshly baked cookies) Oh yes. (He reaches for one.)

Monica: (slapping his hand) Hey!

Chandler: Hey-hey!

Monica: These aren’t for you! Are you upset?

Chandler: I am now!

Rachel: (entering) Hey roomie!

Chandler: Okay, bye! (Exits.)

Monica: Rach, there’s something uh, important I have to tell you.

Rachel: (gasps) Are you pregnant?!

Monica: No! But, I’m throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.

Rachel: Um-hmm.

Monica: Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.

Rachel: (laughs) Oh my God! Oh, that’s funny, I can’t believe I did that.

Monica: Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn’t clear! I’m really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There’s absolutely no rush.

Rachel: Okay. (Sits back and resumes her reading.)

Monica: Okay. Don’t you want a cookie?

Rachel: Sure? (Monica hands her one.) Thanks.

Monica: Maybe, do you need a tissue?

(Rachel mumbles uh-huh and spits the half-eaten cookie out onto the tissue.)

Rachel: Monica, where did you get these?!

Monica: I made them!

Rachel: Ooh, good God, they’re so yummy! (She re-ingests the previously expelled cookie matter from the tissue.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is packing some books and Joey is watching him.]

Joey: God, it’s gonna so weird like when I come home and you’re not here. Y’know? No more Joey and Chan’s. No more J and C’s. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler’s?" "Can’t, its not there."

Chandler: Look, I’m just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.

Joey: Yeah but we won’t be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.

Chandler: Not once did we do that.

Monica: (entering) Hi.

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hi.

Monica: So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.

Chandler: Oh yeah? Well, how’d she take it?

Monica: Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn’t cry. She wasn’t angry or sad. (Sits down, slightly disgusted.)

Chandler: And you’re upset because you didn’t make your best friend cry?

Monica: I mean, all I’m asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don’t I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!

Joey: Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It’s like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie’s!!

Chandler: Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!

[Scene: Ross’s lawyer’s office, his name is Russell and has just been told by Ross about his current situation.]

Russell: You got married again.

Ross: Yes.

Russell: So that’s your second marriage in two years.

Ross: Yes, second in two years. Third overall.

Russell: Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don’t you tell me what happened.

Ross: Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk…

Russell: (interrupting) I’m sorry, is this the same Rachel who’s name you said at the altar in the second marriage?

Ross: Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.

Russell: Oh, that’s better then.

Ross: This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.

Russell: I see. Have you considered therapy?

Ross: I think just the annulment for today.

Russell: There are a couple of forms to fill out.

Ross: Easy.

Russell: And we’ll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.

Ross: No problem.

Russell: And we’ll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.

Ross: Ooh! There’s no way to do this without her? ‘Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.

Russell: Of course you did. Look Ross, you can’t get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.

Ross: Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? (Russell glares at him.) I will think about the therapy.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is painting her toe nails as Monica enters.]

Rachel: Hey!

Monica: Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.

Rachel: Okay!

Monica: Y’know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.

Rachel: Okay.

Monica: Hey Rach, what about this? (She holds up a chrome 5-point star.) Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don’t know if I want it because it might be y’know, too many memories!

Rachel: (grabbing the star) What the hell is that?

Monica: I don’t know. (Picks up a big plate from the coffee table.) Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.

Rachel: Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!

Monica: Something to remember me by!

Rachel: Mon, honey you’re not dying. I’m just moving out. Y’know, I mean we’re gonna see each other all the time.

Monica: But still, it’s a big change. The end of an era, you might say!

Rachel: Are you okay? You’re not blinking.

Monica: I’m fine! I just, I’m thinking how much it’s an end of era.

Rachel: Oh, all right. But y’know I gotta say, I don’t, I don’t think six years counts as an era.

Monica: An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn’t significant to you!

Rachel: What is the matter with you?!

Monica: What is the matter with you?!! Why aren’t you more upset?! Aren’t you gonna be sad that we’re not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren’t you gonna miss me at all?!

Rachel: All right, fine, but don’t get mad at me. It’s-it’s just a little hard to believe.

Monica: What’s hard to believe?

Rachel: Well y’know, it’s you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y’know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I’m not upset because I don’t see you guys going through with it. I’m sorry.

Monica: Rachel, it’s going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.

Rachel: But I…

Monica: No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn’t something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.

Rachel: It is? Really?

Monica: Yeah, sweetie.

Rachel: (starting to lose her composure) I mean we’re not, we’re not gonna live together anymore?

Monica: No.

Rachel: What? Oh my God! I’m gonna miss you so much! (Starts to cry.)

Monica: I’m gonna miss you! (They hug.)

Rachel: I mean it’s the end of an era!

Monica: I know!

[Scene: The hallway, Ross is coming up the stairs as Phoebe leaves Joey and Chandler’s.]

Phoebe: (to Joey and Chandler) Okay, bye!

Ross: Oh no.

Phoebe: So? Did you get the annulment?

Ross: I couldn’t.

Phoebe: I knew it! Because you love Rachel.

Ross: It’s not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I…

Phoebe: Yeah, complicated ‘cause of the love.

Ross: I… I do, I do not love Rachel. I’m gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?

Phoebe: I’ve never been more convinced of your love for her.

Ross: I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?! (He goes into her apartment.)

[Cut to Monica and Rachel’s as Ross walks through the door. Rachel is holding the chrome star and crying.]

Ross: Ohh, what’s wrong?!

Rachel: Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.

Ross: Oh my—Come here! Come here! (He hugs her.) It’s okay. Everything’s gonna be okay.

Rachel: Thank you.

Ross: Of course.

(Ross suddenly realizes something.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are talking.]

Joey: So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?

Phoebe: Oh we do, but not just yet.

Joey: Really?! Well, when?

Phoebe: Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won’t work out.

Joey: Wow.

Phoebe: I know. Then, I’m gonna marry Chandler for the money and you’ll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.

Joey: Great!

Phoebe: But then we ditch those two and that’s when we get married. We’ll have Chandler’s money and Rachel’s kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel’s drinking problem.

Joey: Oh-oh, what about Ross?

Phoebe: I don’t want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey, Monica, and Phoebe are there as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: (entering) Hey!

Phoebe: Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!

(We see Joey who has puffed up his cheeks and Chandler nonchalantly reaches down and pinches Joey’s nose shut. In a few seconds, Joey has to move because he’s now forced to actually hold his breath.)

Joey: (To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!

Rachel: (entering from her room) Pheebs, I wanna ask you something.

Phoebe: Uh-huh, what?

Rachel: Well since I’m movin’ out and-and you’re so beautiful…

Phoebe: Oh!

Rachel: …how about I move in with you?

Phoebe: Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?

Monica: Who’s Denise?

Phoebe: My roommate.

Rachel: You have a roommate?!

Phoebe: Yes, Denise. Denise!

Joey: Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?

Chandler: Pheebs, I don’t understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?

Phoebe: Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!

Joey: Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin’ uh, I’m gonna have an extra room over at my place…

Rachel: Oh, that’s true.

Joey: Yeah, why don’t you move in with me? It’ll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday’s right?

Rachel: Yeah, yeah I think I’m gonna find my own place.

Chandler: Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday’s was just our thing man!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is reading a magazine, eating a cookie, and drinking some coffee as Phoebe enters.]

Phoebe: Hey.

Ross: Hey!

Phoebe: So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?

Ross: Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.

Phoebe: You didn’t tell her did you?

Ross: No.

Phoebe: Of course not, because you’re in love with her.

Ross: I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn’t tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.

Phoebe: What do you mean, comforted her?

Ross: It’s nothing, I just gave her a hug.

Phoebe: Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!

Ross: It’s also a sign of friendship.

Phoebe: Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson. (Tries to take a bite out of Ross’s cookie.)

Ross: (grabs back his cookie) It was a hug!

Phoebe: Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?

Ross: S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?

Phoebe: Ninety percent of a women’s pheromones come out the top of her head! That’s why, that’s why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! (Ross is staring at her dumbfounded.) Oh come on Ross, you’re a scientist.

Ross: I was hugging her as a friend. It’s not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she’s got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh…coconutty. (Phoebe raises her eyebrows.) What?! Oh, that doesn’t mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!

Phoebe: (taking his coffee) Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel’s not in the same place you are.

Ross: (grabbing back his coffee) If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!

Phoebe: Okay, I didn’t understand that, but y’know, maybe that’s ‘cause you were speaking the secret language of love!

(She goes for his magazine and he grabs it away before she reaches it. But she was only using the magazine as a decoy because she grabs his cookie and coffee, takes a bite out of the cookie and drinks some of the coffee.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are there as Joey enters.]

Joey: Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.

Chandler: Who was it?

Joey: I don’t know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez! (Exits.)

Monica: Okay listen, y’know when you move in Rachel’s room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?

Chandler: Sure!

Monica: Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven’t thought about it that much.

Chandler: Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y’know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!

Monica: No.

Chandler: Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let’s discuss it before we reject it completely."

Monica: Oh, I’m sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.

Chandler: So, that’s it?

Monica: I just don’t think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.

Chandler: Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It’s the oldest game!

Monica: What do you have against the beautiful guest room?

Chandler: I don’t have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!

Monica: Are you mocking me?

Chandler: No, I’m not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is coming from across the hall.]

Joey: Hey, what’s up?

Chandler: Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.

Joey: But you’re still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)

Chandler: (reading the ad) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!

Joey: Yeah? I just figured y’know, after living with you it’d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y’know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who’s different than me. And what’s more different than me; a guy who’s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is on the couch staring off into space as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Pheebs, I have to ask you…

Phoebe: Shhhhhh! I’m swamped right now.

Rachel: You’re just staring into space.

Phoebe: Umm, I’m trying to move that pencil. (There’s a pencil lying on the table.)

Rachel: This one? (Picks it up.)

Phoebe: It worked!

Rachel: Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; (Points to one and starts to read it.) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It’s just, there is nothing! The city’s full!

Phoebe: Wait, no, look at this! (Points to one.) (Reading) "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay…" Oh, yeah, but it’s on the ground floor.

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hey.

Ross: Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?

Rachel: Yeah! Why?

Ross: Okay, there’s this guy, Warren, from the museum and he’s going on a dig for like two years and he’s got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?

Rachel: That sounds great! I’d love to live at Warren’s!! I love Warren! Thank you!

Ross: Don’t thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. (Rachel just looks at him.) Here’s Warren’s number.

Rachel: Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! (Jumps up.) Oh, thank you!

(She hugs him and he starts to hug her back but notices the look Phoebe is giving him and pushes her away.)

Ross: Okay, you go grab it!

Phoebe: I saw it.

Ross: I don’t know what you’re talking about.

Phoebe: Umm, I’m talking about that which you already know but won’t admit. You love her again; you re-love her!

Ross: Look, I do not re-love her.

Phoebe: I can’t believe you won’t just admit it! (Pause) Okay, just promise me that you won’t do anything stupid.

Ross: Look, we’re just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?

Rachel: (returning from calling Warren) Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I’m never gonna find anything.

Ross: You can live with me.

Rachel: What?!

Phoebe: What?!

Ross: What?

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]

Rachel: Oh my God! Are you serious?!

Ross: Uh-huh. (Phoebe grunts.)

Rachel: I would love to live with you Ross; that’s-that’s great! Thank you!

Ross: Well, I’m-I’m just glad I could, y’know, help you out.

Phoebe: Wow! I’m-I’m so happy for you guys. (To Ross) This is so-so, not stupid.

Rachel: Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You’re my hero!

Ross: Hero, I uh, I don’t know—well, all right.

Rachel: Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has! (Kisses him on the cheek and exits.)

Ross: Oh please! (He sits down.) (To Phoebe) You’re gonna say things now, aren’t ya?

Phoebe: No. No, I won’t. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn’t love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that’s how she ended up living with me! (Ross looks at her.) (Pause) Okay, that’s a lie.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is in the kitchen as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hi.

Monica: Hi.

Chandler: Hi, listen, I’m sorry about before. I don’t need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn’t get girls, and now I can ‘em—Now, I have you. (Monica glares at him.) Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women…

Monica: Stop it Chandler. (Chandler is relieved) I’m sorry too.

Chandler: Really?

Monica: Yeah! Oh yes!

Chandler: Ohh.

Monica: Listen, we don’t have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.

Chandler: That’s a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.

Monica: Totally!

(They start thinking.)

Chandler: We don’t have to come up with this now.

Monica: Oh good.

Chandler: Hey, y’know what? Why don’t we think about changes we can make in the living room?

Monica: Changes?

Chandler: Yeah, I mean we’re gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. (Kisses her and heads into the living room.)

Monica: You’re-you’re-you’re gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?

Chandler: Is that a problem?

Monica: Well, it’s a set and they should probably stay together.

Chandler: Oh, that’s cool. Then I’ll just bring them both over.

Monica: See now-now you’re taking them away from their home.

Chandler: Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I’ll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!

Monica: Yeah-yeah, y’know what? Yeah, that’s it-that’s it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That’s-that’s what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I’m talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn’t match! Where is it gonna go?!

Chandler: In the game room!

Monica: Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!

Chandler: All right! That’s fine! That’s fine! I won’t bring over the chairs! I won’t bring anything over! I wouldn’t want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma’s place!! (Storms out.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is interviewing a potential roommate. And yes, she’s a female, non-smoker and very non-ugly.]

Joey: (exiting from Chandler’s room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?

The Potential Roommate: Oh don’t worry, I’m not really a party girl.

Joey: Whoa!! Now look, don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?

Chandler: (entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I’ll be living here. (Heads for the bathroom.)

Joey: Oh don’t listen to him, he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.

Chandler: Why did you take the shower curtain down?

Joey: That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I’m very safety conscious.

[Scene: Ross’s Apartment, Rachel is entering and Ross is making some room on the shelves for his stuff.]

Rachel: Hey!

Ross: Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.

Rachel: Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica’s and she and Chandler had a big fight and they’re not moving in.

Ross: What do you mean, they’re not moving in? They-they’re still moving in right?

Rachel: No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.

Ross: What?! Over a stupid room!

Rachel: Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I’m also really psyched ‘cause I don’t have to move in here!

Ross: Oh no, yeah no, that part’s great!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering, dragging Chandler, to mediate the argument between Chandler and Monica.]

Ross: What’s all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!

Monica: Ross, we can handle this.

Ross: Well, apparently not, and I can’t just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!

Chandler: Well, why don’t you tell her to stop being silly! (Monica mocks him and he joins in.)

Ross: (stopping them) Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I’ve known you both a long time, and I’ve never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you’ve been since you’ve got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?

Chandler: Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.

Monica: Love is the best medicine.

Chandler: That’s laughter.

Monica: Why do you do it?

Chandler: I don’t know.

Ross: Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?

Chandler: Yeah, I do.

Ross: And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don’t ya?

Monica: Yes.

Ross: (jumping up) Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York! (Storms out.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is sitting at the counter waiting for Gunther, yep Gunther’s back, to refill her coffee.]

Gunther: So I understand you’re looking for a place.

Rachel: No-no, I’m staying put.

Gunther: Oh, I was going to offer you my apartment.

Rachel: Why, where are you going?

Gunther: I don’t know.

Ross: (entering) Hey Rach!

Rachel: Hi!

Ross: You’re never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That’s great news right—I mean for them. Right?

Rachel: Oh wow.

Ross: Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.

Rachel: Yeah. Y’know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don’t you think it’s gonna be weird?

Ross: Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?

Rachel: Well, because of us! Because of our history.

Ross: No!

Rachel: No?

Ross: No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?

Rachel: No! Not at all!

Ross: Good! Me neither! So it’s not a problem. We’re just two friends who happen to be roommates.

Rachel: Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.

Ross: Really?! We are?

Rachel: Yeah! I’m gonna have a boyfriend, you’re gonna have a girlfriend…

Ross: Ohh! That would be great.

Rachel: But y’know what, if you think it’s gonna be okay we’ll just work out a system. Y’know, it’ll be like college, I’ll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I’m gettin’ lucky." (Laughs.)

Ross: (laughs as well, but for a different reason) Yeah, I didn’t think of that.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is once again being dragged in by Ross so he that he can try to manipulate the situation so that it’s best for Ross, not necessarily what’s best for Monica and Chandler.]

Ross: So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it’s a really big step! And-and what’s the rush?!

(They both start laughing at him.)

Monica: That’s very funny!

Chandler: He’s being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!

Ross: No, I-I-I’m serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y’know you break up!

Monica: Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.

Ross: Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn’t about the room, this is about what the room…represents! And unfortunately, this room (Points to Rachel’s room) could destroy you!!

Chandler: Yeah, I'm not so worried.

Monica: Yeah, no, me neither.

Ross: Fine! It’s your life! (Starts to storm out mad about his failed attempt at the manipulation of his best friend and sister, but stops and tries one last time.) I just don’t want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, (Monica and Chandler just stare at him.) but that’s what you want, there’s nothing I can do. (Opens the door and tries one more time.) DON’T DO IT!!!!! (Finally leaves.)

Monica: You still want to move in together right?

Chandler: Of course!

Monica: Ross didn’t scare you?

Chandler: Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.

Monica: Come here, I want to show you something!

Chandler: Okay!

(They run to the living room where Monica has moved the chair back (Towards the step), the coffee table forward (Towards the TV), and taped a square outline on the floor.)

Chandler: Oh my God! Someone’s killed Square Man!

Monica: This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it’s still walking distance to the kitchen.

Chandler: Oh that’s so sweet! I want to show you something too!

Monica: Okay!

Chandler: Y’know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"

Monica: Uh-hmm.

Chandler: Y’know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that’s you and I together! Merge!

Monica: Oh my God! I love that!

Chandler: Really?!

Monica: Uh, no!!

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing a new song. Yep, the first new Phoebe song of season six, Ross, Joey, and Rachel are also there.]

Phoebe: (singing) I found you in my bed!
                          How’d you whined up there?
                          You are a mystery!
                          Little black curly hair!
                          Little black curly hair!
                          Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair…………

(Applause.)

Phoebe: Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.

Ross: (To Rachel) So umm, where are the other guys?

Rachel: Umm, well let’s see Monica and Chandler are occupied.

Ross: Fighting?!

Rachel: No, the other thing. I really think it’s great they work things out.

Ross: Yeah. There’s no breaking them up, is there?

Rachel: Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?

Ross: Sure! Here. (Hands her his keys.)

Rachel: Thank you. (Gets up) Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there’s no turning back.

Ross: Yeah, I’m-I’m sure. (Deadpan) Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind. (She exits)

Joey: Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?

Ross: I’ve been back and forth.

Joey: Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you’re right where you don’t want to be! Back together!

Ross: Ehh, I don’t, I don’t think so. She’s already talked about y’know, dating other guys.

Joey: That’s not gonna work out! Then she’s gonna come home all weepy and you’ll be tellin’ her, "Oh that’s okay. You’ll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!

Ross: Yeah, well, m-maybe you’re right.

Joey: I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?

Ross: Is that what I want?

Phoebe: (on the microphone, accidentally) Yes.

(Rachel enters.)

Joey: Here she comes. Hold on, I’m gonna make your life much easier.

Rachel: All right, well the place was closed. I’ll just copy it later.

Joey: Or not. Uh, Rach, why don’t you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)

Ross: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!

Joey: No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no… It’s okay, I mean I—look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday’s thing, but we don’t have to do that!

Rachel: Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you’re thinking about Naked Wednesday’s.

Joey: Thursday’s clearly not good for ya, pick a day!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey has The Potential Roommate back for another interview.]

Joey: (opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi!

The Potential Roommate: Hi!

Joey: Come in. Thanks for comin’ back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!

The Potential Roommate: Great!

Joey: Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.

The Potential Roommate: I can do that.

Joey: Okay! Here we go. Pillow.

The Potential Roommate: Fight.

Joey: Very good! Okay. G.

The Potential Roommate: String?

Joey: Excellent! Okay umm, doggy.

The Potential Roommate: Kitten?

Joey: Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but—bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)


[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is packing her belongings to move to Ross’s. She’s standing in the kitchen.]

Rachel: So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?

Monica: This bottle opener. (She grabs it off of the freezer door.)

Rachel: And?

Monica: And it’s a magnet!

Rachel: Look at that!

Ross: How weird is that? Y’know? You’re moving in with me and have the one thing I don’t have. It’s like uh, in a way you-you complete me (Phoebe glares at him) kitchen.

Rachel: What?!

Ross: (in an Australian accent) You complete me kitchen, matey!

Phoebe: Ross, I know what you’re thinking.

Ross: What?

Phoebe: That she’s gonna move in with you and maybe then she’ll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you’re already married, she’ll just be happy. Y’know? You’re just, you’re very sad.

Ross: Oh…my…God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!

Phoebe: What?!!

Ross: Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you’re obsessed with her. It’s always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!

Phoebe: No! (Ross’s phone rings.)

Ross: (answering it) Uh-oh, saved by the bell. (On phone) Hello?

[Cut to the living room where Monica is helping pack a box.]

Monica: Hey Rach, aren’t these candlesticks (holds up a pair) mine?

Rachel: No-no, I bought those.

Monica: Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.

Rachel: Yeah. (Rachel walks away.)

Monica: (under her breath) That you’re a liar. (Hides the candlesticks in a drawer.)

Ross: (on phone) No-no-no, that’s great! I’ll be there Monday. And thank you again! (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up) (To All) Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!

Monica: Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?

Ross: Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.

Rachel: Well, who wouldn’t?!

Ross: I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it’s temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."

Phoebe: Yeah, Professor and Mrs.

Rachel: And Mrs.?!

Phoebe: Oh! Yeah, y’know you and Ross are still married.

Rachel: What?!!

Phoebe: Just kidding!

Rachel: Ohh! Oh God! (Laughs her way into the living room.)

Phoebe: (To Ross) Saved your ass.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are all there as Phoebe enters dejectedly.]

Chandler: Hey!

Phoebe: Hi.

Monica: Hey!

Chandler: Oh, what’s the matter?

Phoebe: Well, you know that psychic I see?

Chandler: Yeah?

Phoebe: Well, she told me that I’m gonna die this week, so I’m kinda bummed about that.

Chandler: What?!

Phoebe: Yeah, and I know you guys don’t know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.

Monica: Phoebe that’s crazy!

Joey: I can’t believe she would say that too you.

Rachel: Yeah honey you don’t believe her do you?

Phoebe: I don’t—she said y’know that I’d have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.

Chandler: Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you’re gonna go?

Phoebe: No, ‘cause she didn’t tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I’ve only got a week left, y’know? I’ve really gotta start living now! (So she picks up the latest copy of Car and Driver (a U.S. auto magazine), leans back, and starts reading.)

Ross: (entering) Hey everyone!

Chandler: Oh hi!

Ross: Hey uh, well, today’s my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?

(They pause to think about it.)

All: Oh that’d be great. Sure!

Ross: (he starts reading directly from his cards word for word very quietly) "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct…"

Phoebe: Oh, this is it. This what’s gonna kill me.

Ross: (continuing) "…subcategories. The first of these subcategories is…"

Joey: (interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?

Ross: No! Why?

Joey: Well, I’ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked chicks on it.

Ross: Ohh! Okay! Okay. (Resumes reading word for word from the card) "There are three (pauses and looks at Joey) primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. (Pauses and darts his eyes between Chandler and Rachel.) (Rachel starts laughing) Each of these theories (glances at Phoebe) can be further subcategorized (glances at Chandler) into…"

Chandler: Why don’t you open with a joke?

Ross: Open with a joke? It’s a university, not a comedy club!

Chandler: Wait a minute, hold the phone! You’re not talking about Chuckles University?!

Ross: (gets up) Okay!

All: Ohh! We’re kidding! Oh, we’re kidding!

Rachel: Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?

Ross: Thank you!

Rachel: Some uh, some visual aides.

Joey: Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual aide?

Ross: Please don’t say naked chicks.

Joey: Why not?!

Ross: I-I-I don’t even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y’know what? I’m just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.

Chandler: That’s the way I did it ‘til I was 19.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is playing that string game with the two hands and the weird crossing patterns as Chandler enters with the mail.]

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Hey! Any good mail?

Chandler: Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor’s Guild.

Joey: Ooh, it’s probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I’m kinda….

Chandler: (opens and reads it) "Benefits lapsed."

Joey: Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.

Chandler: Okay, it’s not a check. They’re saying your health insurance expired because, you didn’t work enough last year.

Joey: Let me see that!

Chandler: All right.

Joey: (reads it) Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y’know? And it wouldn’t matter. Now I gotta be careful?!

Chandler: I’m sorry man, there’s never a good time to (pauses) stop catching on fire.

Joey: All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.

Chandler: Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.

Joey: (mocks him, in a whiney voice) …look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe enters to find Rachel still packing.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Rachel: Hey Pheebs, you’re still alive! How are you doing?

Phoebe: Ugh, it’s so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could—(Groans, hacks, and then freezes with her eyes open and her tongue hanging out.)

Rachel: Pheebs, what-what are you doing?

Phoebe: I was preparing you for my—didn’t you think I was dead? Did that not come off?

Rachel: Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we’d lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?

Phoebe: Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y’know if you can.

(Phoebe goes and lies down as Rachel opens the drawer Monica hid the candlesticks in and as Monica walks out of her room.)

Rachel: Monica!

Monica: Hmm? (Rachel holds up the candlesticks.)

Rachel: Did-did you take these back?

Monica: No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.

Rachel: Oh yeah, they’re really great! Aren’t they?

Monica: I loved them!

Rachel: Yeah. (Monica walks away) Nice try! (Rachel puts them in a box.)

Ross: (entering) Hello!

Monica: Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Monica: How’d the lecture go?

Ross: It went great! And I didn’t need any jokes or naked chicks either!

Rachel: Wow, that’s great Ross, I’m sorry we weren’t more supportive before.

Ross: I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone’s all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I’m gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.

Monica: That you’re not funny or sexy?

Ross: That’s right!

[Scene: Estelle Leonard Theatrical Agency, Joey is there to see his agent.]

Joey: (entering) Hey Estelle, listen…

Estelle: Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!

Joey: What are you talkin’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!

Estelle: Really?!

Joey: Yeah!

Estelle: Oh well, no harm, no foul.

Joey: Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.

Estelle: All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.

Joey: Why?

Estelle: Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.

Joey: Bastard!

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler enters to find Joey lying in the fetus position on the floor.]

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: (in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.

Chandler: That’s great, but shouldn’t you be on the toilet right now?

Joey: What?!

Chandler: What’s wrong with you?

Joey: Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since. But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.

Chandler: This sounds like a hernia. You have to—you-you go to the doctor!

Joey: No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)

Chandler: That’s a hernia.

Joey: Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!

[Scene: a NYU lecture hall, Rachel and Monica are arriving to talk to Ross after the lecture, but are there early.]

Rachel: Well, we’re a little early, the lecture doesn’t end for 15 minutes.

Monica: Yeah, but y’know we could sneak in and watch.

Rachel: Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There’s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. (to them) Hey sisters! (They ignore her.) (To Monica) Wow, we really are bitches.

(They enter the lecture hall to find Ross speaking in an English accent for some unknown reason.)

Ross: (to the class) Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when—(sees Monica and Rachel.) Oh bloody hell.

Commercial Break

[Scene: a NYU lecture hall, the scene is continued from earlier, only Ross has dismissed the class and is now talking to Monica and Rachel.]

Monica: What the hell are you doing?!

Ross: Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.

Rachel: Yeah, and not a very good one.

Ross: Will you-will you please?

(Another professor walks down from the back of the lecture hall.)

The Professor: Dr. Geller, Kurt Rathman, I’m a professor in the paleontology department here.

Ross: Oh.

The Professor: Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?

Ross: (in his British accent) I’m sorry, I’ve got plans with my sister.

Monica: (in an Irish accent) Monica Gellerrr. (She rolls her ‘R’)

Ross: (in accent) Right, will you excuse us for one moment? (Takes Monica aside.) (In his normal voice.) What are you doing?

Monica: (normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I can’t?! (To an exiting student in accent.) Top ‘O the morning to ya laddies!

Ross: Just please stop!

(They turn back to Rachel and Professor Rathman.)

Rachel: (in an Indian accent) Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is reading on the couch while Joey, still suffering from his hernia, is returning with coffee for them both. After a series of grunts and groans he manages to painfully walk back from the counter, sit down, and slide Chandler his coffee.]

Chandler: Hey, will you grab me a cruller? (Joey starts to groan and get up.) Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!

Joey: Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, that means it’s healing.

Chandler: I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let’s just get that thing…pushed back in.

Joey: Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I’m thinking I’ll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.

(Phoebe enters.)

Phoebe: Hey!

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Hey!

Phoebe: What’s going on?

Chandler: Oh Joey’s got a really bad hernia, but that’s nothing a little laser eye surgery won’t fix!

Joey: Look, I’m telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He puts his hand down his pants, like Al Bundy on Married…With Children always used to do.) it doesn’t hurt that bad.

Phoebe: Hey! Maybe you’ll die!

Joey: Sure, now I’m scared.

Phoebe: No, we can go together! Just don’t wait too long though, okay? ‘Cause I’m outta here sometime before Friday.

Joey: Yeah, but I don’t wanna die!

Phoebe: No-no, it’ll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are having a tug-of-war over the disputed candlesticks.]

Monica: Gimme ‘em!

Rachel: No! They are mine!

Monica: You stole them from me!

Rachel: You stole them from me!!

Monica: Gimme them!

(With one last mighty tug the combatants lose their grip and split, each holding one candlestick.)

Monica: You just wanna each take one?

Rachel: Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.

Ross: (entering) Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?

Rachel: Well…

Monica: Why don’t you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you’re, y’know, that you’re adjusting to life in America.

Rachel: Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they’re probably not even listening!

Ross: They’re not listening too me?

Rachel: Of course they’re listening to you! Everybody listens to you.

Ross: Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?

Monica: I think you look fine.

[Scene: Casting Director #1’s office, Joey is on his first audition. His partner is an 8-year-old boy.]

Casting Director #1: Whenever you’re ready.

Joey: (in a gravely, painful voice) Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you."

Casting Director #1: Hold it. I’m sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less…intense?

Joey: Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I’ll just—hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) "Hey Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you!"

Casting Director #1: Oh my God!!

(Joey pulls his hand out and reverts back to intense pain.)

[Scene: Casting Director #2’s office, Joey is on his second audition. This one is for Purina One Dog Chow, an actual item. Please note the gratuitous product placement.]

Joey: So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today! (He turns, looks at the bag and realizes he won’t be able to pick it up.)

Casting Director #2: That’s where you pick up the bag.

Joey: Exactly.

Casting Director #2: No, the line is pick a bag, so you need to pick up the bag.

Joey: Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn’t get it, did I?

Casting Director #2: No.

Joey: Yeah, okay. (Leaves)

[Scene: Casting Director #3’s office, Joey is entering.]

Joey: Hi. I’m Joey Tribbiani; I’m here to audition for (Groans) man.

Casting Director #3: You mean dying man?

Joey: Yes!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are playing phone pranks on Ross.]

Monica: Okay, come on, do it one more time!

Rachel: Really? Really?!

Monica: Yes!

Rachel: Okay! (Picks up the phone and starts dialing.) (In an Irish accent) "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we’d like you to come on board with us full time! (Hangs up.)

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Phoebe: Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I’m not going die!

Rachel: Really?! How do you know?

Phoebe: Because my psychic is dead! She must’ve read the cards wrong!

Rachel: Oh, I’m sorry.

Phoebe: Eh, better her than me! Hey, let’s bake cookies!

[Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey has won the part of dying man and is now able to play the role he was injured for. Chandler is helping to carry him in.]

Chandler: Listen, I’m really glad you got the part.

Joey: (barely audible through the pain) Thank you.

Chandler: But are you sure you can do this?

Joey: Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.

(Chandler steps away quickly.)

Chandler: Now, is that never talking about it again?!

Joey: (to the director) Hiya!

The Director: Hey Joey, we’re ready for ya! (Joey stumbles over) Joey, this is Alex he’s going to be playing your son.

Joey: Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.)

The Director: Okay. (to Alex) All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that’s your cue to cry. Got it? (Alex nods yes.) All right, let’s do this.

(Joey lies down on the gurney.)

A Crew Member: (with that board thingy) Scene 5, take 1.

The Director: And Action!

Joey: "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex does nothing.) "Come on son! Your Momma’s good people!"

The Director: Cut! Alex, remember you’re supposed to cry. Can you cry for us this time?

Alex: Okay.

The Director: All right, from the top.

A Crew Member: Scene 5, take 2.

[Time lapse.]

A Crew Member: Take 36 is up!

The Director: All right! Let’s try this again! You ready Joe?

Joey: Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?

The Director: Uh sure.

Joey: Okay. (Starts screaming.)

The Director: Action!

Joey: (he stops screaming at action) "Take good care of your Momma son." (Again Alex does nothing.)

The Director: Cut!!!!!!!!!! (Joey starts screaming again.)

(Chandler decides to help out.)

Chandler: I’m sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don’t you uh, lift up your shirt? (He does.) Take a look at this kiddo. (Alex finally starts crying.) We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!

[Scene: Ross and Rachel’s apartment, Rachel is unpacking as the phone rings.]

Rachel: (answering it) Hello?

Russell: (Ross’s divorce lawyer.) Hello, is Ross there?

Rachel: Uh no, he’s not. Can I take a message?

Russell: Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I assume he’s decided to give the marriage a try.

Rachel: Ross got married again—Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!

[Scene: a NYU lecture hall, Ross is trying to phase out his accent.]

Ross: (in his head) All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory (pronounced the British way) the team would never have identified (British) the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis (British). Were there any questions at this point? (One student raises his hand.) Yes. (Points to him.)

A Student: What’s happening to your accent?

Ross: (British) Come again? What’s-what’s this nonsense? (Giggles.) (American.) All right, I’m-I’m not English. I’m from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I’m sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? (Everyone raises their hands) About paleontology. (They all put their hands down.) All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I’m-I’m hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression…

(At this moment Rachel bursts through the door. Needless to say, she’s not in the best of moods having just found out Ross’s dirty little secret.)

Rachel: Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!

Ross: (in the accent again) Well, hello Rachel!

Ending Credits

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is holding a football helmet; and apparently, in a rather disgusting scene, Joey wants Phoebe to beat him senseless. (Luckily it isn’t a long trip.) Because he’s made a miraculous recovery from his hernia and wants to take advantage of all those free surgeries he can get now since he’s re-established his health insurance.]

Phoebe: Have you really done this before?

Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don’t hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)

Phoebe: Hey!

Joey: Hey-hey-hey!

Chandler: What are you doing?

Phoebe: We’re just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.

Chandler: Oh, all right.

(Decided that they are less than human as well, Chandler picks up a golf club and Monica a frying pan, to join in on the fun of beating their good friend to within an inch of his life!)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is there except for Rachel and Ross, who both come storming in. Rachel is still going off about Ross’s secret marriage.]

Rachel: I cannot believe that you didn’t tell me that we are still married!!

Ross: Look I was going to tell you!

Rachel: When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross didn’t get the annulment; we are still married.

Chandler: What?

Monica: You’re kidding!

Phoebe: (overdoing it) Oh my God!!

Monica: Ross!

Ross: Okay, maybe it wasn’t my best decision. But I just couldn’t face another failed marriage.

Chandler: Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?

Ross: Rach, come on, if you think about it, it’s actually kinda funny. (He laughs, and he laughs alone.) Okay, maybe it’s best not to think about it.

Phoebe: Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!

Ross: Phoebe, I told her you already knew.

Phoebe: Another lie. You have a sickness!

Chandler: Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you’re not married to anymore of us are ya?

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Monica are at the counter getting some more coffee.]

Joey: Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche! {Transcriber’s note: Oh come on! Who would leave the keys to their Porsche behind? If I had a Porsche, I’d have the keys surgically attached to my hand!} Hey Gunther, these yours?

Gunther: Yeah, that’s what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!

Joey: Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?

Monica: Joey, why don’t you put them in the lost and found?

Joey: There’s a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)

Chandler: You left a shoe here?!

Joey: Well, I didn’t realize until I got home. I wasn’t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y’know what? I’m gonna go find that guy’s car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)

Chandler: Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I’ll be sure to give him your shoe.

Joey: Great! Thanks. (Exits.)

Phoebe: (coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!

Monica: Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!

Chandler: (not enthused) Yeah, all right.

Phoebe: Okay, well I’ll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they’re not actually puppies, they’re Frank and Alice’s triplets. Okay, see ya! (Exits.)

Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?

Phoebe: (stops) Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I’m nervous ‘cause I’ve never done that before by myself!

Monica: Don’t worry about it Phoebe, we’ll absolutely do it.

Chandler: Yeah, I’m gonna pass. ‘Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.

Monica: Come on Chandler, come on! It’ll give us great practice for when—(realizes what she’s about to say and changes)—people with babies come to visit.

[Scene: The street down the block from Central Perk, Joey has found the Porsche and is writing the note.]

Guy #1: Nice car!

Joey: Yeah, it’s not mine.

Woman: (walking up) I love your car.

Joey: Yeah, it’s (looks up and sees the woman) mine.

Woman: I bet it’s fast.

Joey: Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?

Woman: Yeah!

Joey: (checks in the window to make sure it has them) It’s got ‘em!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are having tea.]

Rachel: So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross’s, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.

Phoebe: What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don’t have a roommate.

Rachel: Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.

Phoebe: Maybe you could be my roommate!

Rachel: Well there’s an idea!!

Phoebe: Yeah!

Rachel: That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?

Phoebe: Umm, she said she’d be back December 26th.

Rachel: December 26th, huh maybe she’s Santa Clause.

(Phoebe laughs, then stops to think about it. Ross enters.)

Rachel: (deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.

Ross: Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I’ll take care of everything.

Rachel: Well sure, if you say you’re gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! (Grabs them from him.) All right, now I’m gonna do this my way and I don’t want to hear a peep out of you!

Ross: Okay Rach, but…

Rachel: Op! You’re peeping!

(Ross grunts something and hands her the pen he was trying to hand her.)

Rachel: Ross! Y’know what, I just got—why? Why did you do this?!

Ross: Look I told you…

Rachel: I don’t wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"

Ross: Look, if you’d had two failed marriages, you’d understand!

Rachel: Well, y’know what? Thanks to you I’m half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don’t think I have ever been this angry!

Ross: What about the time I said we were on a break?

Rachel: Ugh! (Stares at him.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next day, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are baby-sitting the triplets. They each have one baby.]

Monica: Pheebs, how’s it going?

Phoebe: (rapidly) I’m doing okay. I think it’s going well. Do you think they’re having fun? Am I talking to fast?

Monica: Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it’s going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.

Chandler: Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It’s times like these I’m glad Smell-O-Vision hasn’t been invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When you’re done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)

Phoebe: Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.

Chandler: See that’s where I think that you’re wrong. We’ve been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.

Monica: What do you mean?

Chandler: I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y’know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around… (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his finger.)

Phoebe: That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.

Chandler: Okay, I’m a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.

[Time lapse, they have set up a little assembly line for diaper changes. Phoebe wipes, Chandler adds the powder, begrudgingly, and Monica puts the diaper on.]

Monica: This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.

Phoebe: Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.

Joey: (entering) Hey guys!

Chandler: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey!

Joey: Hey babies! Oh, I’m having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I’ve got the keys too, still there!

Chandler: Shocking! Since you still have the keys.

Joey: You should see the treatment I get when I’m with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.

Chandler: What equity investments?

Joey: The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they’re gonna start to think that I don’t own it. So I figured I’ll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?

Monica: Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.

Chandler: You don’t even have a car!

Monica: I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.

Chandler: And?

Monica: And six others.

Chandler: There you are.

[Scene: The Porsche, Joey is finishing up washing the car and is talking to a guy about the car.]

Joey: Yeah, she tops out at 130.

Guy #2: Wow!

Joey: And that’s just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.

Guy #2: Really! You got a place upstate?

Joey: Sure!

Guy #2: Well, I’ll see you later.

Joey: Okay, take it easy.

The Porsche Owner: Hey! That’s my car.

Joey: Really? Oh uh, oh just give me five more minutes with it.

The Porsche Owner: What-what are you doing?

Joey: Oh I-I uh, found the keys and now I’m just polishing her up.

The Porsche Owner: But it’s my car!

Joey: Yeah, but it’s my wax.

The Porsche Owner: Listen, I-I-I don’t come to this city much so I don’t know if you’re crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.

Joey: Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I’ll uh, save your parking spot.

The Porsche Owner: I’m not coming back.

Joey: Why not?

The Porsche Owner: I live upstate.

Joey: Yeah, so did I.

(The guy gets in and drives off.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the triplets are all in their crib as Monica and Phoebe watch them.]

Phoebe: I don’t know why I was so nervous about this. And I don’t know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.

Monica: Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that’s the same.

Chandler: (entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)

Monica: Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone’s eye out!

Chandler: He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!

Phoebe: No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that’s just gonna mess them up.

Chandler: They’re not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!

Phoebe: What?!

Chandler: Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check on the babies again.)

Phoebe: Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.

Monica: Oh it’s so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.

Phoebe: Oh, I can still do that.

Monica: How are you still single?!

Chandler: (entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe you’re right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.

Monica: Good. What made you change your mind?

Chandler: I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.

Phoebe: How did that happen?!!

Chandler: Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y’know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it’s lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)

Monica: Damnit! Y’know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)

[Scene: A judge’s chambers, Rachel and Ross are filing their annulment papers.]

Judge: Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?

Rachel: Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.

Judge: So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.

Ross: Fine, I’m mentally unstable.

Judge: And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.

Ross: What?!

Rachel: Uh yes, heroin and crack.

Ross: Crack isn’t even an intravenous drug!

Rachel: Well, you would know.

Judge: Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?

Ross: Oh, come on!

Rachel: (starts to cry) Ross, please, I found the magazines!

Judge: And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you’re gay and addicted to heroin.

Ross: Okay, I’m sorry, this is insane! I-I-I’m not addicted to heroin, I’m not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I’ll consummate this marriage right here, right now!

Judge: That won’t be necessary.

Ross: And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!

Rachel: Ugh!

Judge: Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.

Rachel: Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! (To the stenographer) And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?

Judge: Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?

Rachel: Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.

Judge: Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don’t qualify for an annulment. If you two don’t want to be together you’ll have to file for divorce.

Ross: (stands up) That’s great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!

Rachel: (stands up as well) What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!

Ross: And what—(notices the stenographer is still typing)—What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don’t get the annulment. Don’t type that! What?! Stop typing! (He goes over to where the stenographer is typing and in the process pushes Rachel out of his way.) Hey! Stop typing! (He’s still typing.) Stop typing! Stop typing!!

Rachel: (to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what you’re keeping me married too?!

Judge: You need to get out of my chambers.

Rachel: All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!

Ross: Yeah!

Judge: Would you like to spend the night in jail?

Rachel: And thank you for your time. (They both beat a hasty retreat.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is still doing the hairball thing as Monica and Phoebe are watching the babies. I can’t describe it, you’ll have to see it when it comes on in your area.]

Joey: (entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.

Chandler: But you found the keys to his clothes?

Joey: No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.

Monica: And people will think you own a Porsche because you’re wearing the clothes?

Joey: Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn’t have the car! Right?

Chandler: That is true.

Phoebe: Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.

Joey: Oh, I’ve been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)

Monica: Joey, you know you don’t actually have one.

Joey: Come on! What are you doing?! I’m in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)

Chandler: Ahh, I think it just moved. It’s really poking me.

Monica: All right, that’s it, we’re going to the emergency room.

Phoebe: What?! No, you can’t, you can’t leave me here with them! We’re baby-sitting!

Monica: The babies are asleep, I’m sure you’ll be okay on your own for a while!

Phoebe: But you-you can’t leave me with them! We-we’re a team! We’re playing a zone! They’re gonna triple team me!

Monica: He’s got something plastic lodged in his throat, we’ve got to go to the hospital.

Phoebe: But no, because a doctor won’t be able to help him, it’s just gonna y’know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.

Chandler: I think that’s gum.

Phoebe: I’m pretty sure it’s gun.

Chandler: Okay, listen this really hurts. Let’s go.

Phoebe: A real man wouldn’t just run to the hospital! (They don’t stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)

[Scene: The street, Joey is hanging out wearing his Porsche grab.]

Joey: Why isn’t that valet back with my Porsche?

Passerby: Maybe because you’ve got the keys?

Joey: (to women passing him) Porsche.

(Ross and Rachel approach, they’re still yelling at each other.)

Rachel: This is totally your fault!

Ross: My fault?! You threatened the judge!

Rachel: Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter’s machine!!

Ross: That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!

Joey: Hi! How are the Gellers?

Rachel: Don’t call us that! (Storms away)

Ross: The judge wouldn’t let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? (Walks on.)

Joey: Hey! It’s Porsche!! (He’s right y’know.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is being triple teamed.]

Phoebe: Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I’m gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I’ll set you up with a clean one. (She throws it at the garbage without looking, misses, and knocks over a vase and flowers, which fall to the floor and break.) Okay, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? ‘Cause let’s face it, we’re at Monica’s. (She crawls over, disposes of the diaper, picks up the flowers, and the vase.) I broke it. All right. Well, that’s just the way that goes. (She throws out both the flowers and the vase.) Okay, good. (She turns around and only counts two babies.) Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can’t answer. (She starts looking for her) Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! (She turns around and finds that Leslie has managed to crawl into the bottom drawer of the TV cabinet.) Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! (She picks her up and notices a surprise is waiting in the drawer.) Oh, you’re a lot mischievous! Well, it’ll dry. (Closes the drawer with her foot.) (To Leslie) Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now—who aren’t there! (They both have disappeared as well.)

[Time Lapse, the babies are finally asleep. Good for Phoebe! The only problem is, Monica’s apartment looks like a tornado, a hurricane, a swarm of locusts, fire, brimstone, hail, and giant man-eating, radioactive ants have torn the place apart. Needless to say, it’s messy enough to cause Monica to die of shock right away. Parents with small children know what I’m talking about.]

Chandler: (entering) Hey!

Phoebe: (exhausted) How do you feel?

Chandler: Well, let’s just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.

Phoebe: Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed ‘em, bathed ‘em, and put ‘em to bed.

Chandler: And protected them from a tornado?

(Monica enters and her jaw drops in horror.)

Monica: Oh my God.

Phoebe: I know, the babies are asleep.

Monica: Phoebe, what, what happened here?!

Phoebe: I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!

Monica: But my apartment!

Chandler: Was the setting of Phoebe’s triumph.

Monica: But the mess!

Chandler: Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.

Monica: You’re right, you’re right I shouldn’t freak out. ‘Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!

Chandler: (pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, Rachel is packing what she still has over there as Ross enters.]

Rachel: (deadpan) Oh honey thank God you’re home, I was getting worried.

Ross: I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I’ve already signed everything and I put little ‘X’s where you need to sign.

Rachel: Oh, little ‘X’s! Great! That makes up for everything!

Ross: Y’know, I-I—you’ve done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?

Rachel: Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!

Ross: Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!

Rachel: Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!

Ross: Yeah! Right!

(Pause.)

Ross: You’re right. That’s very different. So let’s, let’s just sign the papers. All right? (Sits down and Rachel keeps standing there.) What?

Rachel: Nothing. (Sits down.)

Ross: Okay, can we just sign please?

Rachel: Uh-hmm. (Just as Rachel finishes signing her name, Ross yanks each page out of the way.)

Ross: Congratulations. (Gets up to leave.)

Rachel: Okay Ross, we’re—wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.

Ross: What?

Rachel: Well, y’know this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.

Ross: Excuse me?

Rachel: Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?

Ross: Yeah?

Rachel: And uh, yeah, I didn’t really, I didn’t want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then (Ross joins in) to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.

Ross: So then if-if—I mean if you think about it, this is all (Pause.) your fault.

Rachel: Yeah, don’t push it though.

Ross: I’ve got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.

Rachel: I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn’t be a secret, and we wouldn’t have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut. (They both laugh.)

Ross: Did I, did I even treat?

Rachel: No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.

Ross: That may be the most depressing thing I’ve heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer’s office.

Rachel: Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.

Ross: Eh, no problem.

(They hug.)

Rachel: I’m gonna need a copy of those.

Ross: Totally. (Exits.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: The street, Joey is messing with a car cover and still wearing the Porsche stuff. This guy playing street football catches a pass next to the car cover Joey is fooling around with.]

Joey: Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!

Woman: (the same one from before approaches) Hi Joey.

Joey: Hey! How you doin’?

Woman: (to her friend) He has the most amazing Porsche under there!

Joey: I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)


[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is balancing a mini hockey stick on his hand as Chandler enters from his room carrying a bunch of bills.]

Chandler: (watches Joey for a moment) Okay! (Joey quickly moves the hockey stick so that he’s scratching his back with it.) Listen, I’m gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.

Joey: Right! And when is that due?

Chandler: First of the month.

Joey: And that’s every month?

Chandler: No, just the months you actually want to live here.

Joey: Ahhh.

Chandler: Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)

Joey: (looking at it) Oh my God!!

Chandler: That’s our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don’t I just—why don’t I just cover you for a while?

Joey: No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.

Chandler: It’s not charity, Joe…

Joey: No! Forget it! Okay—I mean thanks, but I’m done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what’s next? Come on.

Chandler: Okay uh, here’s the electric bill. (Hands it to him.)

Joey: This is how much we pay for electric?!!!

Chandler: Uh, yeah.

(Joey runs over and shuts off the lights.)

Chandler: So, we’ll do the rest of the bills later then?

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is talking to Phoebe about trying to give Joey some money.]

Phoebe: So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?

Chandler: No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn’t take it.

Phoebe: Well, how much do you think he needs?

Chandler: I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y’know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won’t hurt his pride.

Phoebe: Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.

Chandler: Well that would help the pride thing.

Monica: (entering from her room) Hey!

Chandler: Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?

Monica: (thinks) Okay.

Chandler: Okay! (They kiss) So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?

Monica: Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we’d go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.

Phoebe: And also, my birthday.

Monica: It’s not your birthday.

Phoebe: What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it’s not your birthday!

(Joey and Ross enter.)

Joey: Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?

Chandler: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we’d do nothing.

Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.

Joey: I don’t know Ross, not if you’re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.

Ross: I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!

Rachel: (entering from her room) Pheebs, I was wondering…

Monica: You’re not dressed yet?! We’re supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!

Rachel: Well and clearly not a minute sooner.

Monica: Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you’re packed.

Rachel: Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.

Phoebe: My God, I can’t get a minute of peace around this place.

[Cut to Rachel’s bedroom, Phoebe and her are entering. And it’s obvious that she’s not packed.]

Phoebe: Oh my God! Monica’s just gonna kill you.

Rachel: Yeah, yeah, I know.

Phoebe: Well, what you’re wearing is fine for that.

Monica: (entering) Rachel, I need to borrow—You’re not packed!!!! You’re not packed even a little bit!

Rachel: Surprise!!

Monica: What?

Rachel: No, no don’t get mad because look—this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
Monica: (grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) I’ll be coordinator! Oh my God! I’m so sorry, I didn’t get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can’t you Phoebe?

Phoebe: I have plans.

Monica: You’re plans were with us.

Phoebe: That’s right.

Monica: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!

Phoebe: Okay.

Monica: Okay! (To Rachel) Oh my God, thank you!!

[Cut to living room, Phoebe enters and closes Rachel’s door behind her.]

Phoebe: Hurry! Monica’s gonna make you pack! She’s got jobs for everyone! Now, it’s too late for me, but save your selves! (The guys scramble for the door.)

Monica: (entering and interrupting the guy’s escape attempt) Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we’re gonna start with…

Chandler: Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.

Monica: I thought you said you were going to do nothing.

Chandler: Yes, but for the last time.

Monica: Okay fine, now Ross…

Ross: Oh, but-but I can’t do it.

Monica: Why not?

Joey: (quietly) I’ve got Ben.

Ross: Because, because I’ve got Ben.

Monica: It’s almost 8 o’clock, it’s almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?

Chandler: He’s at a dinner party.

Monica: Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!

Ross: Of course he is! What, do you think I’d just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?

Monica: All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachel’s room.)

Ross: (to the guys) I gotta go make a fake Ben.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is entering carrying two pizzas.]

Joey: Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.

Chandler: Oh, I wish I’d know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.

Joey: Oh that’s okay. Hey, actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!

(Chandler stares at him, dumbfounded, then finally agrees.)

Chandler: Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?

Joey: What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.

Chandler: Yes it would. What do you say to $50?

Joey: Okay, you’re on.

Chandler: Okay, let’s play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.

(They start playing.)

[Scene: Rachel’s bedroom, she’s in her closet bringing down her pair of roller blades from a top shelf.]

Rachel: Ohhhhhh, look it’s the roller blades.

Monica: (starting to cry) Oh God!

Rachel: You remember when we got these?

Monica: No.

Rachel: I guess you weren’t there. (They hug.)

Phoebe: You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time… (She starts laughing hysterically.) You don’t remember?

Rachel: I’m sorry Pheebs, I guess I’m just really said that I’m leaving.

Monica: I’m gonna miss you so much.

Phoebe: Well, this doesn’t have to be so sad though. Y’know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you’re gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you’re not gonna miss.

Monica: I don’t think there’s anything.

Phoebe: Come on, there’s gotta be something.

Monica: Nope, she’s perfect.

Rachel: I have one.

Phoebe: Good! Great! You can go first.

Rachel: Uh well, I guess I’m not gonna miss the fact that you’re never allowed to move the phone pen. (Laughs. Monica lags behind the laugh a little bit.)

Phoebe: Good that’s a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y’know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?

Monica: Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.

Phoebe: Okay, good. There you go. Doesn’t anyone feel better?

Monica: Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.

Rachel: You get your messages!

Monica: Yeah, well I don’t think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.

Rachel: So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?

Phoebe: Great! It worked! No one’s sad.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they are just finishing up another game of foosball.]

Joey: (scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way, there’s nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.

Chandler: Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.

Joey: You serious?

Chandler: Oh yes!

Joey: Okay, get ready to owe me!

Chandler: Okay.

Joey: Okay, here we go. Ready?

[In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.]

Chandler: No! No! No! No—(Joey looks at him)—one can beat me.

(In frustration, Joey kicks the table, breaking it.)

Chandler: See? Now, that’s why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Monica answers it as Rachel and Phoebe move a box into the living room.]

Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!

Rachel: Ooh, your brother. Score!

Monica: (on phone) What’s up?

Ross: Oh, I’m just over here with Ben. I thought we’d say hi.

Monica: Oh, put him on!

Ross: Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. (He holds the phone to the fake Ben he has created out of a pumpkin.) Oh, I guess he doesn’t feel like talking right now. He’s smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.

[Scene: Rachel’s bedroom, Rachel is entering carrying two glasses of wine. She gives one to Phoebe, keeps one, and completely ignores Monica.]

Phoebe: Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?

Rachel: You know what else I’m not gonna miss? "I’m Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"

Monica: "Hi I’m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I’d better wash it and shrink it!"

Rachel: "I’m Monica, I don’t get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"

Phoebe: Hey! I call her!

Monica: "Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"

Rachel: "Oh my God, I can’t find a boyfriend! So I guess I’ll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"

(Monica picks up one of those boxes of hair curling things, dumps it in a box, and storms out.)

Phoebe: Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is examining the broken foosball table as Chandler enters from his room.]

Chandler: Still broken?

Joey: This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.

Chandler: Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)

Joey: Nah, not my game.

Chandler: Okay, uh, how about, how about—y’know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it’s fun.

Joey: Well, what’s it called?

Chandler: Cups.

Joey: I don’t know how to play Cups.

Chandler: I’ll teach ya! Come on, come on, it’s really easy and really, really fun.

Joey: All right.

Chandler: Okay, here you go. (He deals out two cards each.) I have two queens, what do you have?

Joey: A two and a five.

Chandler: Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!

Joey: Really?!

Chandler: Oh yeah! Okay, let’s play again. (He deals out two cards each again.) What do you got?

Joey: A four and a nine.

Chandler: You’re kidding right?

Joey: No. Why?

Chandler: Well that’s a full cup! (Pays him again.)

Joey: Damn! I am good at Cups!

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is whining to Phoebe about Rachel.]

Monica: I’m not talking to her!

Phoebe: Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she’s the one who’s leaving. It’s harder for her!

Monica: Well, maybe you’re right—She made fun of my phone pen!

Phoebe: I know, I took it hard too.

(Monica goes into Rachel’s room.)

Monica: Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about—What are you doing? (She sees that Rachel is unpacking.)

Rachel: I’m unpacking!

Monica: What?!

Rachel: I’m not moving! (She re-hangs a picture, crookedly.) Is that picture straight?

Monica: It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!

Rachel: Hey, y’know what? You’re the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!

Monica: Because it’s my apartment!

Rachel: Well it’s mine too! What else you got?!

Monica: How about, you’re moving!! (Grabs a bunch of clothes and throws them into a box. What follows is a brief sequence of Rachel unpacking and Monica packing the same stuff over and over again as Rachel chants "No." and Monica chants "Yes.")

Rachel: Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!! (She knocks over Monica, grabs a box, and runs into the kitchen.)

Phoebe: Hey, how are you guys doing?

Rachel: Great! Monica’s moving!

Monica: (entering) I am not!

Rachel: Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?! (Monica starts chasing Rachel around the table.)

Phoebe: Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what’s going on here. Okay, you guys… STOP!! (They stop.) I know that, I know that you’re acting mad because you think that it’ll make it easier to leave. But deep down you’re still really sad. Deep-deep down.

Monica: No Phoebe I am mad!

Phoebe: Well, deep-deep-deep down!

Rachel: Yeah, I’m just mad!

Phoebe: Then keep running. (They resume the chase.)

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they’re still playing Cups.]

Chandler: You win.

Joey: Well, what did you have?

Chandler: It doesn’t matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?

Joey: Uh, (counts the money) wow, 700.

Chandler: Not 700 exactly?

Joey: Yeah.

Chandler: Double it! (He does.)

Joey: What?

Chandler: Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.

Joey: Really?

Chandler: Hey, I didn’t make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. (Joey gets excited.) Don’t get to excited because that’s not gonna happen unless you get—No way! (He takes the top card, which is the two of clubs. Of course, any card would’ve won. Chandler pays him.)

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica carries a box out of Rachel’s room.]

Monica: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I’m just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"

Rachel: Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.

Phoebe: Hey you guys, I don’t mean to make things worse, but umm, I don’t want to live with Rachel anymore.

Monica and Rachel: What?!

Phoebe: You’re just so mean to each other! And I don’t want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!

Rachel: Well, Phoebe that’s fine because I’m not moving.

Monica: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y’know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y’know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.

Rachel: Oh really? Like what Monica?

Monica: Y’know she has 147,000 pairs of boots…

Rachel: Oh yeah, good start Mon.

Monica: She lets you borrow them.

Rachel: Yeah and you stretch ‘em out with your big old clown feet.

Monica: Do you wanna live outside?! Because it’s gettin’ cold! (To Phoebe) She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she’ll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I’d like.

Phoebe: What else?

Monica: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.

Rachel: Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.

Phoebe: That’s nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.

Monica: When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.

Rachel: Well y’know, I don’t want you to be cold.

Monica: And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. (To Rachel) (Starts to cry) You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! (They both break down in tears.)

Rachel: Oh, it’s gonna be fine.

Phoebe: Okay Rachel, I can’t wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We’ll have so much fun!!

Rachel: But honey, I think she’s moving in with Chandler.

Phoebe: Oh that’s right. You’re still set on that?

Monica: Kinda. (She hugs Phoebe and looks out the window. She moves closer to it to get a better look.) Oh my God!

[Cut to Ross’s apartment, he’s watching TV and eating some popcorn as the phone rings.]

Ross: (answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Mon, how’s the packing going? (Listens) Ben? He’s fine. Yeah, he’s right—Oh my God! (He looks over at the fake Ben and notices that the head has fallen off.) Get your head of your shirt there son! (He tries to push the pumpkin through the neck hole.) What? (Listens) Yeah, it’s a pumpkin. I’ll come pack.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, (Ohh, that’s the last time I’m ever gonna type that line. It’s just so sad.) Joey is entering, angrily.]

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: What’s wrong?

Joey: Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!

Chandler: Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!

Joey: The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin’ Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn’t even get half a cup! Nothin’!!

Chandler: Oh man!!

Joey: And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think beginner’s luck, very important in Cups.

Chandler: All right, let’s play one more hand! One more!

Joey: No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I’m serious this time! In-in fact, look, there’s a—I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y’know, thank you for being such a great roommate.

Chandler: I can’t take the big white dog! You love it!

Joey: It’s him, not it!

Chandler: No, but wait—what if I bought it from you, y’know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say (Gets choked up) $1,500?

Joey: Wait a second, I see what you’re trying to do here! You-you’re trying to give me money again!

Chandler: When did I try to give you money?

Joey: Over there! (Points to the couch) Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!

Chandler: I’m just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you’re okay.

Joey: I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can’t take care of myself. Okay? Look, I’m not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I’m gonna miss…is you. And now the dog.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, (And that’s the last time for that line, no more Chandler and Joey’s or Monica and Rachel’s, ever!) Joey and Ross are carrying the last table of Rachel’s. Rachel follows slowly, but is stopped by Monica.]

Monica: Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?

Rachel: Okay.

Monica: I’m really gonna miss you.

(They hug.)

Rachel: Oh! I have your key. Here you go. (Hands it to Monica.)

Monica: Thanks.

Rachel: Yeah.

(Silence ensues.)

Rachel: Oh God! This is silly, I’m gonna see you in a couple of hours! (They hug again.)

Monica: Yeah.

Rachel: Bye house!

(They break the embrace.)

Rachel: Bye Mon.

Monica: Bye.

(Monica closes the door and slowly walks into Rachel’s old and now empty room.)

Chandler: (entering) Hey.

Monica: She really left.

Chandler: I know. (He kisses her.)

Monica: Thank you.

Chandler: No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)

Monica: Can I ask you a question?

Chandler: Sure!

Monica: What the hell is that dog doing here?! (She notices the dog sitting in the living room.)

(And with that, an era ends as Chandler moves in with Monica as Rachel moves in with Phoebe. It ‘tis a sad and happy time for Friends.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, Chandler is trying to get Joey’s money back from Ross.]

Chandler: I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.

Ross: And now you want that money back.

Chandler: Exactly.

Ross: Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for? (As he picks up the fake Ben.)

Chandler: It’s not a real game! I made it up!

Ross: I’m sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.

Chandler: At a fake game!!

Ross: Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I’d be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.

Chandler: Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.

Ross: No.

Chandler: Hmm, let’s see if it comes up this time. (He looks at his cards and shrugs.)

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel’s new apartment, Rachel and Phoebe are making their answering machine message.]

Phoebe: Ready?

Rachel: Yeah.

Phoebe: Okay.

Rachel: Hi...

Phoebe: it's...

Rachel: Rachel...

Phoebe: and…

Rachel: Phoebe’s...

Phoebe: please...

Rachel: leave...

Phoebe: leave…

Rachel: Wait, I-I just said "leave."

Phoebe: Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it’s," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.

Rachel: Phoebe, come on that's silly.

Phoebe: All right, so let's switch.

Rachel: No, I have all of the good words. OK, fine, fine, we can switch.

Phoebe: Okay.

Rachel: Okay.

Phoebe: Hi…

Rachel: Everybody…

Phoebe: It's…

Rachel: Rachel…

Phoebe: and…

Rachel: Phoebe’s…

Phoebe: Please...wait, how did you do that?

Rachel: What?

Phoebe: Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?

Rachel: Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!

Phoebe: Really?

Rachel: Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y’know roommate bonding thing.

Phoebe: Okay, let's go running!

Rachel: Yeah and there's really cute guys there.

Phoebe: Let's run towards them!

Rachel: OK!

Phoebe: All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!

Rachel: Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!

Phoebe: Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s new apartment, Ross and Chandler are there.]

Ross: So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.

Chandler: (not amused) And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.

[Monica enters]

Monica: Hey!

Ross and Chandler: Hey!

Monica: (jumps over a box) Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!

Chandler: I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.

Monica: Oh, So you can move them!

Chandler: Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.

[Joey enters with his new roommate who is played by none other than Elle MacPherson.]

Joey: Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!

Janine: Hi.

Ross: Hi! (Rushes over to shake her hand instantly.)

Janine: Hi

Joey: Yeah, she's gonna live with me!

Monica: It's nice to meet you. Janine...?

Janine: Lecroix. Janine Lecroix

Joey: I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!

Chandler: So, uh, wh-where ya from?

Janine: Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.

Joey: (shocked) From the land down under? I didn't know that either!

Ross: So uh, wha-uh, what do you do?

Janine: I'm a dancer.

Joey: You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!

Janine: Well, I think I'll go and unpack.

Joey: Oh, hey let me. (Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)

Monica: Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?

Joey: Of course I did.

Monica: Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?

Joey: "When can you move in?"

Ross: Thank you for bringing her into our lives.

Chandler: Unbelievable

Monica: Oh, so you like her too Chandler?

Chandler: Hey, look at all the boxes!

Joey: Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!

Monica: Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.

Ross: Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.

Chandler: All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?

Joey: Oh God, yeah.

Chandler: Now imagine you live at the supermarket.

Joey: (happily) Okay!

Chandler: No-no

Joey: Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!

Monica: Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.

Joey: Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.

Monica: (chuckles) Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.

Joey: You a little sad about that sweetheart?

[Scene, The Park: Phoebe and Rachel are getting ready to go running]

Phoebe: I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.

Rachel: Okay. (Runs off.)

Phoebe: Okay. (Starts running crazily with her arms flapping and her legs far apart) Come on! That's not running! Let's go! (Rachel pauses, then follows, embarrassed.)

[Scene, Central Perk: Rachel, Ross and Monica are there]

Rachel: You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.

Ross: Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.

Rachel: Oh! I used to do that too!

Monica: Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?

Rachel: Aw, Mon...(Kisses her on the cheek)

Monica: So, Phoebe runs weird huh?

Rachel: Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.

Monica: Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth.

[Phoebe enters]

Phoebe: Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!

Phoebe: Why? Why would you do that?

Monica: I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.

Rachel: Ankle.

Monica: We'll see.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s new apartment, Chandler is putting something away under the sink.]

Chandler: OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. (Turns around and sees that Joey isn't there.) Joe? (Hears giggling coming from a box) Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. (Hears the giggling again)

Joey: (jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!

Chandler: (pretending) Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.

Joey: Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!

Chandler: Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica’s gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?

Joey: (raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.

Chandler: Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?

Joey: Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. (Gives Chandler the "Joey-love," look.) How you doin?

[Scene Joey and Janine’s new apartment, Janine is there. Joey walks in to see Janine bent over, stretching.]

Joey: (voice cracking) Ohhhh man

Janine: Sorry, there's just more room out here.

Joey: No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch, groans painfully)

Janine: (touches his waist) Why don't you try to do-

Joey: (jumps up and yells)

Janine: What's wrong?

Joey: Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!

Janine: Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.

(Joey laughs nervously and goes to his bedroom.)

[Scene, The Park, Rachel is running and Phoebe is hiding behind a tree.]

Phoebe: (jumps in front of Rachel) Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.

Rachel: No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!

Phoebe: Please Rachel, I am not an idiot. (Runs off)

Rachel: No, wait Phoebe.

[Scene, Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler is there. Everything is out of its place and Chandler's cleaning.]

Ross: (enters) Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what ‘cha doin?

Chandler: What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!

Ross: Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?

Chandler: Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.

Ross: Put it back exactly where you found it?

Chandler: Yes I'm gonna put it back (Mocking Ross) exactly where I found it.

Ross: ‘Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.

Chandler: She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.

Ross: Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?

Chandler: She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.

Ross: Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.

Chandler: I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.

Ross: Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak…out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.

Chandler: No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.

Monica: (on phone) Hi!

Chandler: Hey Mon, how's it going?

Monica: Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.

Chandler: Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.

Monica: It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.

Chandler: No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.

Monica:  Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?

Chandler: It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! (To Ross) She's-she's gonna kill me.

Ross: Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. (Chandler fixes it and a picture frame off the table.) And that goes back up there.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, continued from earlier.]

Chandler: We should start with the big stuff. Y’know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. (He picks up one end and Ross doesn't help) I got it. (He moves it back to where he thinks it goes.)

Ross: Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.

Chandler: What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the...(Tries to rest his feet on the coffee table but they won't reach) OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.

Ross: Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.

Chandler: OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.

Ross: Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.

Chandler: Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!

Joey: (entering) Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.) What the hell's going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.

Ross: Hey, I've been married 3 times

(Chandler gives him a round of mock applause.)

Joey: No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?

Ross: Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.

Chandler: Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?

Ross: Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"

Chandler: Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.

Ross: Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.

Chandler: That's not specific to girls.

Joey: This is great, this is great, what else, what else?

Ross: Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.

Chandler: And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.

Ross: They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.

Chandler: Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.

Ross: (nonchalantly) I'm never gonna find love again.

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel’s, Rachel is there as Phoebe enters.]

Rachel: Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?

Phoebe: Sure

Rachel: Okay, um, I...(Phoebe walks into her room.) All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.

Phoebe: So, what should you have done?

Rachel: Well, I-I should've told you the truth.

Phoebe: Uh-Huh, Which is...?

Rachel: Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...(Starts flapping her arms)

Phoebe: So?

Rachel: Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.

Phoebe: Why do you care?

Rachel: Because they're people.

Phoebe: But people that you don't know and will never see again.

Rachel: Yes, but still. They're people…with eyes.

Phoebe: Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss (panting). But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.

Rachel: I-I am not uptight—Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.

Phoebe: That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn’t you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? (Rachel looks confused) The neighbor's dog.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler has the tape measure out and is busy lining up the lamp on the kitchen counter, Ross is supervising the whole operation.]

Chandler: Okay, is this lamp in the same place?

Ross: Who cares? I repel women.

[Monica tries to come in]

Chandler: (blocks the door) No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.

Monica: What?!

Ross: (whispers) What?!

Chandler: (to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.

Ross: Why does anyone have to be naked?

Monica: Why is Ross naked?

Ross: I-I had to show Chandler something?

Monica: Naked?

Ross: Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.

Monica: Is it the same thing that Chandler had?

Chandler: Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.

Monica: Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!

Chandler: Bye! Thank God

Ross: Dude, what'd you have?

Chandler: Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.

Ross: (realizes something) The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.

Chandler: That's perfect! That's brilliant! (Starts going through the photo album)

Ross: So really, what'd ya have?

[Scene: Joey and Janine's, Janine's there. Joey enters]

Janine: Hey Joey, I got some beer for you.

Joey: Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"

Janine: Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?

Joey: Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.

Janine: Is there something wrong?

Joey: All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.

Janine: Joey...

Joey: No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?

Janine: Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.

Joey: Oh!

Janine: No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.

Joey: Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.

Janine: I don't think so.

Joey: Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?

Janine: I'm OK

Joey: What?!?!

Janine: What?

Joey: Oh dear God!

[Scene: The park, Rachel's running by herself and panting. After a little while she decides to run like Phoebe.]

Rachel: (Runs into Phoebe.) Hey!

Phoebe: Hey!

Rachel: Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!

Phoebe: See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!

Rachel: Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. (Turns and bumps into a mounted policeman and falls) Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry! (Runs off.)

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler and Ross are there. Monica enters]

Monica: Is it okay for me to come in now?

Chandler: Uh-huh

Monica: Why is everything different?

Ross: Bye! (Runs out)

Chandler: No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. (Forced laughter)

Monica: Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.

Chandler: Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

Monica: It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?

Chandler: Do you want me to be afraid of you?

Monica: Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.

Chandler: Really?

Monica: Of course!

Chandler: Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.

Monica: All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. (Gets her cleaning gloves on) Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?

Closing Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Janine and Chandler are there]

Ross: So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...

Janine: ...and live forever as a machine!

Ross: That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.

Janine: Yeah, I gotta go.

Chandler: Ba dum bumb cheshhh!

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s, Chandler knocks on the front door. Joey answers the door.]

Joey: Hey.

Chandler: Hi, my name’s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?

Joey: Sure, neighbor come on in.

Chandler: So, is Janine around?

Joey: Uh, no, she’s at dance class.

Chandler: Can I check out what she did to my room?

Joey: Yeah, but, hey look, don’t go through her stuff. She gets really mad.(Chandler gives him a look and walks to the door of his old room.)

Chandler: (The room is filled with flowers and a floral print sheet on the bed.) Oh my God. What is th… it’s like a guy never lived in here. Look, you’ve got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. (Looking around the living room.) It’s spreading already.

Joey: (Looking around the room.) It is???

Chandler: (Picking up a pillow.) Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?

Joey: No.

Chandler: (Pointing to the table and picking up the box.) Is that your tiny little box, that’s too small to put anything in?

Joey: No.

Chandler: No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you’re going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.

Joey: (With Big Eyes.) All right, you’re right. I’ll talk to her.

Chandler: Yes talk to her. Be a man.

Joey: I’m a man.

Chandler: Defend yourself.

Joey: (Grunting) Hmm. (Monica opens the front door and comes in.)

Monica: Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.

Chandler: Be right there sweetums. (Monica leaves. To Joey.) A totally different situation.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, The gangs all here. Monica is walking in.]

Monica: Hey guys.

Chandler: Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary?

Monica: It was okay. She’s still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.

Chandler: Ohh, yeah.

Ross: Well, is this Hillary your HOT assistant chef Hillary?

Monica: Yeah.

Ross: The one that always stares at me when I come in?

Monica: No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.

Ross: Still I could tell. She was into me. (Joey rolls his eyes.) Well, why don’t you set us up?

Rachel: Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?

Phoebe: (Walking over and Sitting down.) Hey.

Rachel: Hey.

Phoebe: Rachel?

Rachel: Yeah.

Phoebe: I’m, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale’s and use the copy machine.

Rachel: Well, sure, but they might think it’s kinda weird considering I don’t work there anymore.

Phoebe: Oh my God. What happened?

Rachel: I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.

Phoebe: Well that’s great! Congratulations!! (She hugs Rachel.)

Rachel: Yeah. (chuckling) A year ago..

Phoebe: (Hugging her again.) You’ve lasted a whole year. Good for you.

Rachel: But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn’t see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn’t like me very much.

Chandler: That’s weird. I don’t think my boss likes me either.

Monica: I don’t think mine likes me either.

Ross: Maybe it’s a universal thing?

Joey: Or maybe, it’s because you’re hanging around here at 11:30 on a Wednesday. (Everybody gets up.)

Chandler: Yeah let’s head off to work.

Monica: We should go.

[Scene: Rachel’s office, Phoebe hands Rachel a key card.]

Phoebe: Thank you.

Rachel: Sure.

Phoebe: Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.

Rachel: Oh my God. Did you talk to him?

Phoebe: Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.

Rachel: What? What!?! You kissed him?

Phoebe: Totally.

Rachel: (Gasps) Phoebe are you serious?

Phoebe: Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we’re making out. You know.

Rachel: Phoebe, I mean, you do know he’s married?

Phoebe: No!

Rachel: Phoebe…

Phoebe: What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he’s married? (Rachel looks at her.) No, yeah, I should.

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey stares at a picture of a bay on the wall. Janine comes out of her room.]

Janine: Hey Joey.

Joey: Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?

Janine: No, I just thought it was cute.

Joey: Yeah, that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It’s…too girly.

Janine: Ohh. Like what?

Joey: Like this. (pointing to the picture) Pictures of cute babies we don’t know. We..we can’t have that.

Janine: Joey, it’s Anne Geddes. She’s a famous artist.

Joey: Look I don’t know this baby. I don’t know if she’s a famous artist or not. You know, and I don’t want to be a jerk but you’re changing too much around here.

Janine: Well, I’m sorry. I just thought I’d try to make the place a little nicer.

Joey: Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.

Janine: Well I just thought…

Joey: I’m sure it’s a famous watering can, okay. But, come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?

Janine: It’s a curling iron.

Joey: Ohh, well, that’s ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It’s up here on some hook..and…smells different.

Janine: It’s clean.

Joey: Yeah, well, it feels different.

Janine: It’s dry.

Joey: Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels…Also what is with these chips you bought?

Janine: No no no no, it’s potpourri. You’re supposed to smell it. (Joey takes a big whiff of the potpourri.)

Joey: (Voice cracking) Well that’s like summer in a bowl.

[Scene: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices, Rachel gets on her boss Kim is there.]

Rachel: Oh, Kim, Hi. (Kim doesn’t even look up from her report.)

Kim: Uhh-huh.

Rachel: So you know, I…I handed in that marketing report and I never got to hear what you thought.

Kim: I didn’t read it.

Rachel: Ahh….So…Wow…The spring line, it’s really going to be great this year, huh?

Kim: Yeah.

Rachel: So I hear the Ralph Lauren fooled around with someone in the copy room. (Kim stops the elevator and turns to Rachel.)

Kim: Tell me everything.

[Scene; Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are on the couch. Ross walks in.]

Ross: Hey guys.

Chandler and Monica: Hey.

Ross: What’s up? (He smiles. His teeth are freakishly white.)

Chandler: You know…Oh My God.

Monica: What happened to your teeth.

Ross: I whitened them.

Chandler: (Sarcastically) Really.

Ross: Yeah. What do you think.

Monica: Well, I think I shouldn’t look directly at them.

Ross: Come on, seriously.

Monica: Ross they’re really, really, really white.

Chandler: Yeah, what was wrong with your old…human teeth.

Ross: Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.

Monica: How much longer?

Ross: A-A day.

Monica: Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?

Ross: I know. That’s why I did it. (With a big smile) Come on, are they really that bad?

Chandler: No, no no no. You’ll be fine. (turning to Monica) Hillary’s bind, right?

Monica: She will be after tonight.

Chandler: Yeah. (Rachel walks in.)

Ross: Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh…

Rachel: Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. (Sitting down on the couch.) You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.

Chandler: What???

Monica: Oh my god.

Rachel: Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just…made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she’d heard all year.

Chandler: I am proud of all my friends today.

Monica: My God, Rachel, I can’t believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I’m so jealous. (Chandler looks at her.)

Chandler: Hi, I’m Chandler. Your live-in boy

Monica: Chandler, please, come on. Look at him. (Pointing to a picture of Ralph on a magazine,.)

Chandler: Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish. (Phoebe walks in.)

Phoebe: Hey. Here. (Hands Chandler a copy of her flyer and sees the picture of Ralph.) Ohh, who’s the silver fox?

Rachel: That-that is your make out buddy. Don’t you recognize him? (Holding up the magazine in front of her face.) Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.

Phoebe: That’s not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.

Rachel: What?

Phoebe: Yeah, no, Ralph doesn’t look anything like that guy. He’s-he’s young and he’s got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.

Rachel: Oh My God, Phoebe, that’s not Ralph Lauren. That’s Kenny the copy guy.

Phoebe: What?

Rachel: Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!

Phoebe: Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?

Rachel: To get you to make out with him!!!

Phoebe: Ohhh.

[Scene: Ross’s Apartment, Ross and Monica are there.]

Monica: (Holding a shirt in front of Ross.) Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. (Ross has a big smile.) Nope. Okay, colors that don’t work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.

Ross: I don’t know what I’m going to do. That date starts in like an hour.

Monica: Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn’t look so bright.

Ross: Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.

Monica: I’m just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.

Ross: Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We’re not 13 anymore.

Monica: Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.

Ross: But, won’t she notice I have makeup on?

Monica: Please. Half the guys out there have makeup on.

Ross: What??

Monica: All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.

Ross: No. I am not putting on makeup. (Knock at the door. Phoebe enters.)

Phoebe: Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? (He smiles at her.) OH!! Demon!! Demon!!

[Scene: Chandler’s and Monica’s apartment, Chandler and Monica are sitting at the kitchen table making potpourri sachets.]

Monica: Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn’t waste these pantyhose.

Chandler: Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I’m going to go over to Joey’s.

Monica: Wait, we’re supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.

Chandler: Yes, but I feel like I’ve really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we’re two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.

Monica: You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You’re right, I’m sorry.

Chandler: Nah, Nah, it’s okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.

Monica: Yeah. Go over to Joey’s. Go over to Joey’s and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.

Chandler: You know when guys hang out they don’t just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?

Monica: When girls hang out, we don’t have pillow fights in our underwear. (Chandler gets a hurt look on his face.) I’m sorry. We do. We do. I don’t know why I said that.

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Chandler walks in. Joey and Janine are knitting at the kitchen counter.]

Joey: Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.

Chandler: No thanks, Josephine.

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, Chandler enters. Ross is putting on makeup.]

Chandler: Hey Ross, I was wondering if… Oh my God!! Where are all the men???

[Scene: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices, Kim’s waiting for it. The door opens and Rachel is inside.]

Rachel: Ohh, hi, Kim.

Kim: Hi Rachel.

Rachel: Yeah, remember that thing I told you that happened yesterday? Well it didn’t happen.

Kim: You didn’t cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?

Rachel: Okay, two things didn’t happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that’s not true.

Kim: That’s not true?

Rachel: No.

Kim: Oh that’s interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.

Rachel: Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.

Kim: Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.

Rachel: I-I don’t want your job. I-I don’t. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don’t even know how to use my keycard. (The elevator stops. Ralph steps on.)

Kim: Hi Ralph.

Ralph Lauren:: Hi Kim. (Dead silence until Ralph gets off the elevator.)

Kim: Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.

[Scene: Hillary’s apartmen,. Hillary and Ross are having dinner. He is avoiding opening his mouth.]

Hillary: And after that, what could I do except become a chef.

Ross: Mmm-Hmm.

Hillary: And someday soon, I hope to open my own restaurant.

Ross: Mmm.

Hillary: You know, you’re a really great listener. Most guys I go out with, they just talk and talk.

Ross: Mm-Hmm.

Hillary: After a while it’s like, shut your mouth, you know?

Ross: (Chuckling) Hmm-Hmm.

Hillary: I’ve probably been talking too much. Why don’t we talk about you a little bit?

Ross: Mmm-Unmm.

Hillary: Come on. I want to know.

Ross: Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. (Putting his hand up to block his mouth.) Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let’s talk more about you. Hmm.

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey and Monica are arranging flowers. Chandler walks in.]

Joey: So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.

Monica: Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.

Chandler: Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.

Monica: Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.

Joey: Ohh, I love birds. (Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)

Chandler: What is the matter with you ?!?

Joey: What?

Chandler: You’re arranging flowers! (Pointing to the dish on the table.) You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!

Joey: Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they’re just, you know, they’re nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.

Chandler: You’re turning into a women.

Joey: No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.

Chandler: Now I’ve upset you? What did I say?

Joey: It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it….Oh My God, I’m a women!!!

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are there.]

Rachel: Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.

Phoebe: But why didn’t you just tell her the truth.

Rachel: I did but she doesn’t think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.

Phoebe: Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?

Rachel: You were with Kenny today, weren’t you?

Phoebe: Just for a second.

Rachel: Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?

Phoebe: Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.

Rachel: I’m not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn’t.

Phoebe: Ohh, sleep with Kenny.

Rachel: That wouldn’t help me.

Phoebe: Ohh, yes it would.

[Scene: Hillary’s apartment, Hillary and Ross are finishing up their date.]

Hillary: I’ve had a really good time tonight.

Ross: Mmm.

Hillary: You know, I rarely connect with someone this much on the first date.

Ross: (Giggling) Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. (Picking up a piece of bread and covering his mouth.) Me, neither. I’ve had a really good time too, you know. (Putting the bread down.)

Hillary: Are you going to eat that bread?

Ross: (Putting the bread up to his nose.) Ohh, I just like the smell. (Sniffing it.) Mmmm.

Hillary: (Laughing) You make me laugh.

Ross: Hmm-Hmm.

Hillary: Would you like to move over to the couch?

Ross: Mmm-Hmm. (Picking up their wine glasses.)

Hillary: Maybe I’ll just turn the lights down a little.

Ross: (Covering his mouth with the glass.) How about all the way.

Hillary: Okay. (She goes to turn the lights off and Ross sits on the couch. She has some black light posters on the wall.)

Ross: (Looking at the posters.) Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? (They sit down on the couch. Ross smiles and the black light fluoresces his teeth.) So, ahh, where were we?

Hillary: Are those your teeth??

Ross: Ohh, you can see them, huh?

Hillary: Yes. They’re insanely white.

Ross: I-I, did that for you.

Hillary: What’s a matter with you?

Ross: What’s a matter with me? You’ve got a black light. It’s 1999!

[Scene: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren Offices, Rachel gets in . Kim is there.]

Rachel: Kim, hi.

Kim: Hi Rachel. Ohh, I’ve been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.

Rachel: Okay..Okay.. Look. I’m sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.

Kim: Oh, really?

Rachel: (Faking crying.) Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can’t do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful women. I can’t do this. I’m married and I’m sorry." And then I don’t know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."

Kim: You expect me to believe..(Doors open, Ralph steps in.) Hi Ralph.

Ralph Lauren:: Hi Kim. (Dead silence again until he gets off.)

Kim: Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It’s like he hates you. Then it is true.

Rachel: Of course it’s true and it hurts so bad.

Kim: Ohh honey come here. (Hugging Rachel.) Ohh it will be ok. We’ve all been there.

Rachel: You and Ralph?

Kim: Kenny the copyboy.

Ending Credits

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey paces the floor waiting for Janine. She walks in.]

Janine: Hey.

Joey: Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.

Janine: What’s the matter? Are you upset?

Joey: I’m sorry but we’ve got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That’s just the way it has to be.

Janine: Well, if that’s what you want. I’ll just put it all in my room.

Joey: Great…Great…and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn’t want to make a big deal out of this, you know. (She starts to collect all the girlie stuff up.) You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.

Janine: Okay.

Joey: And, uhh, maybe the watering can there.

Janine: Sure.

Joey: And a couple of these little tiny boxes.

Janine: Joey? Do you want me to put it all in your room?

Joey: (Smiling) Okay.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is mixing some Thanksgiving treat (I’m assuming mashed potatoes) in a bowl.]

Monica: (on phone) Okay, great!  Bye. (Hangs up as Chandler enters.) So guess who’s coming to Thanksgiving dinner?

Chandler: Sydney Portier? Hehheh.

[Chandler throws his coat on the couch]

Monica: (not amused by Chandler’s joke) I miss Rachel. (To Chandler) No, my parents.

Chandler: Oh! That’s great, they haven’t seen the place since I moved in!

[Monica goes to fiddle with something on the table.]

Monica: Yeah, and y’know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! (Quickly trying to change subjects), I was thinking we would eat around four.

[Monica goes to the stove.]

Chandler: (shocked at the news) Why can’t I tell them that we live together?

Monica: Because they don’t know we’re dating. (Again, trying to quickly change subjects.) Do you think we should eat in the kitchen? (Goes to the sink and the stove to cook.)

Chandler: Why haven’t you told them?!

Monica: Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn’t.

Chandler: Why haven’t you told them?! Wouldn’t they be happy?!

Monica: (trying to change subjects, excitedly) So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I’ll see you then. (Pats Chandler on the shoulder and goes into the living room.)

Chandler: Why wouldn’t they be happy?

Monica: Well, um, because mainly, um, they don’t like you. I’m sorry.

Chandler: What? What? Why?!

Monica: Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you’re really sarcastic, or that, y’know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.

Chandler: Is this why they don’t like me or why you don’t like me?

Monica: Look, I know that I should’ve told them. I know I shouldn’t care what they think. I’m sorry.

Chandler: Y’know, it’ll be okay. It’ll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we’ll tell ‘em.

Monica: You really think that’ll work?

Chandler: Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn’t I?

Monica: (hugging Chandler) I don’t think you’ll ever get my parents that drunk!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s, Joey and Ross are playing Sony Playstation. Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey! (Sees Ross is there) Oh, good, Ross! You’re parents like me, right?

[Chandler goes to stand to the side of the TV.]

Ross: (only half-paying attention) Yes, of course they like you!

Chandler: Well Monica just told me that they don’t.

Ross: (not paying attention) Yeah, they don’t like you.

Chandler: (annoyed) Do you know why?

Ross: I dunno, maybe it’s because you’re really sarcastic. Or maybe it’s cause you uh-

Chandler: (angry) Well if people don’t know they shouldn’t just guess!

[Joey and Ross get annoyed with Chandler's outburst.]

Chandler: This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.

Joey: Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin’ up, eh?

Chandler: Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.

Joey: Well maybe I love ya’.

Chandler: [mocks that last comment].

[Chandler starts to leave as Janine enters]

Janine [to Chandler]: Hey.

Chandler: Hey.

[Chandler exits]

Janine: Hey guys!

[Joey and Ross drop their video game controllers.]

Ross: (trying to act manly in front of Janine) No I don’t want to play video games, Joey!

Janine: Are you guys going to Chandler’s for Thanksgiving?

Joey: Yeah! Yeah, why? What’s up?

Janine: Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.

Ross: For real?

Janine: No, but you should go to Chandler’s. Because none of us knows how to cook, we’ll probably just end up drinking all day.

Joey: Ye-ye, we go to yours!

Ross: Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it’s my sister. But, uh, uh y’know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.

Janine: (not sure of what to make of that) Okay.

[Janine leaves]

[Ross looks at Joey coyly.]

Joey: How you got three women to marry you, I’ll never know.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Phoebe enters with a paper turkey.]

Phoebe: Hey!

All: Hey!

Rachel: Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!

Phoebe: Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel’s dessert is...[about to say “bad”] so good that I eat all of it. There’s none left for anybody else!

[Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel laugh]

Monica: Nothing.

Rachel: (worried) Nothing?

Monica: No, sweetie, I-I trust you.

Rachel: So, if-if I mess this up, there’s nothing else for dessert?

Monica: You’re not gonna mess it up.

Rachel: Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter’s done?

Monica: Well, it’s done about two minutes before it looks like that.

[Joey and Ross enter.]

Joey and Ross: Hey!

All: Hey!

Joey: Oh, ooh the food smells great, Mon!

Ross: And the place looks so nice!

Joey: Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!

Ross: Happy Thanksgiving!

The Girls: Happy Thanksgiving!

Joey: Well, this has been great!

Ross: See ya!

[Joey and Ross go to the door, ready to leave.]

Monica: Whoa whoa whoa! Where’re you goin’?

Ross: Oh, oh, we did say we’d stop by this little thing Joey’s roommate is having.

Monica: Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?

Ross: Some would say she’s attractive, yes.

Phoebe: And who else is going to be there?

Joey: Uh, some of her friends, yeah.

Rachel: Her dancer friends?

Joey: (frustrated) Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they’re gonna be, be drinkin’ and dancin, and we really wanna go!

Ross: (to Joey) Dude, we were good!

Monica: You’re not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you’re gonna eat here!

Phoebe: Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.

Ross: Oh, but-but it is, uh, it’s just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.

Joey: Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!

[Enter Jack and Judy Geller]

Mrs. Geller: Hello everybody!

Mr. Geller: Hi!

All: Hi!

[Kisses and hugs are exchanged.]

Monica: Dad [kisses Jack], Mom [kisses Judy]. Look! Look who it is it’s Chandler!

Mrs. Geller: (less than pleased) Oh yes of course, hello Chandler.

Chandler: Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!

[Chandler goes to take off Jack’s coat. He then notices little white flakes on Jack’s shoulders. He begins to wipe them off.]

Chandler: Whoa, snowing out there?

Mr. Geller: (angry) No.

[Time lapse. The gang is sitting down for Thanksgiving dinner. Chandler is at the head of the table, Mr and Mrs Geller are to his right. Joey and Ross are to his left. Monica is serving things. Phoebe is in the living room and Rachel is at the sink.]

Mr. Geller: Monica, all this food looks wonderful, you should think about doing this for a living.

[Chandler, trying to make nice with Jack, laughs at his joke and points at Jack.]

Mr. Geller: Ok, I have dandruff. There’s no need to laugh and point.

[Monica rushes over to Chandler’s side.]

Monica: Dad, Chandler was just laughing at your joke.

Mr. Geller: My joke wasn’t funny.

[Phoebe walks from the living room to the kitchen and talks quietly to Rachel.]

Phoebe: Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.

Rachel: Really?!

Phoebe: Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it’s making me look at him totally differently. Y’know, I mean he used to be just, y’know “Jack Geller Monica and Ross’s dad” and now he’s he’s “Jack Geller, dream hunk."

[We see a shot of Jack stuffing his face with food. Some dream hunk!]

Rachel: I dunno. Y’know to me he’ll always be “Jack Geller, walks in while you’re changing.”

[Time lapse. Ross and Joey are cleaning the table while Judy and Phoebe talk by the window. Jack and Chandler are sitting on the couch while Monica sits on the coffee table.]

Monica: Y’know dad, Chandler is one of Ross’s very best friends!

Chandler: Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y’know I’ve always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.

Mr. Geller: I always thought that too. Tell me, what does your father do?

[Chandler and Monica exchange worried looks.]

Chandler: (worried) He’s the headliner of a gay burlesque show.

[Rachel is in the kitchen fiddling with her English truffle. Joey and Ross, anxious to leave and go to Janine’s party, are egging her on to hurry up.]

Joey: Rach, you’re killin’ us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!

Rachel: (looking at her truffle) Look at it, isn’t it beautiful?

Ross: Yeah, yeah, what is it?

Rachel: It’s a truffle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, [Joey and Ross make impressed faces] then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, [Joey and Ross look like something’s wrong.] then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!

[Joey and Ross make confused faces.]

Ross: W-What was the one right before bananas?

Rachel: The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y’know, I thought “well, there’s mincemeat pie,” I mean that’s an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y’know. [To Joey] Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?

Joey: Y-sure!

Rachel: (teasingly) And while I’m gone don’t you boys sneak a taste.

Joey and Ross: (faking dissapointment) Okay.

[Rachel leaves]

Ross: Beef in a dessert?! I- no no no, there is no way!

[Ross goes to look in the magazine Rachel got her recipe from.]

Joey: I know, and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that?

[Ross looks up as if saying that Joey was weird. He begins flipping through the pages, only to find that they are sticky. So one page is overlapping another, making two recipes look like one.]

Ross: Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!

Joey: (turning to Chandler in a scolding tone) Chandler!

Ross: Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd’s Pie!

Joey: (sad) Oh man! Now she’s gonna start all over! We’re never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!

Ross: No, no, we will. We just won’t tell her she messed up.

Joey: Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?

Ross: Yeah, it’ll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!

Joey: (shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny...

[Rachel enters]

Rachel: Joey, God, your apartment is like a hundred degrees!

Joey: Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?

Rachel: No!

Joey: (frustrated) Still not hot enough!

[Joey leaves]

[Phoebe walks over to talk to Rachel.]

Phoebe: Rachel?

Rachel: Yeah?

Phoebe: Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn’t give to be that can of (looks closer to see what Jack is drinking) condensed milk.

[We see a shot of Jack drinking condensed milk on the couch.]

[Ross and Judy enter the living room. Judy and Ross sit down on the couch beside Jack. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the coffee table.]

Monica: Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.

Mrs. Geller: Oh, thank you Chandler! I just bought it.

Chandler: Oh, yes. Well it’s very beautiful. It’s cream-colored and tight [Realizes what he just said and looks worried. Monica and Ross also looked shocked. Judy and Jack give Chandler a very dirty look.] I don’t mean tight, I mean it’s not too tight, not that I was looking at-[giving up all hope, he puts his head into his hands.]

Mr. Geller: What’s the matter with him?

Mrs. Geller: (whispers to Jack a little loudly) I think he’s stoned again.

Chandler: (shocked) What?

Monica: (shocked) What?

Ross: (worried) Dude, I need to talk to you a sec.

[Ross and Chandler get up and go into Rachel’s old room.]

[Scene: Rachel’s old room. It’s pretty much empty except for a few boxes against the walls. Ross and Chandler enter.]

Ross: Okay, I think I might know why my parents don’t like you.

Chandler: You do? Why?

Ross: Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.

Chandler: What?! Why did you do that?

Ross: I don’t know, aheh, your’s was the first name that-that popped into my head, I’m I’m sorry. I-I didn’t think it would matter.

Chandler: How could it not matter?!

Ross: How was I supposed to know we’d end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?

Chandler: What about all that “friends forever” stuff?

Ross: I don’t know, I-I was all high.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Rachel’s Old Bedroom, Continued from earlier. Monica enters the room.]

Monica: Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you (points to Chandler) were trying to get Ross stoned!

Chandler: Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!

Monica: Ross, I can’t believe you’d do that!

Chandler: The reason we haven’t told them we’re together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?

Ross: Okay, okay, I’ll tell ‘em it wasn’t Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?

Monica: You! It’s not like it’s a big deal! You-you don’t still do it or anything!

Ross: Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Time lapse. Jack is still on the couch, picking his teeth with his feet on the table. Phoebe and Judy are sitting on the table looking at him. Ross and Chandler are sitting by the window talking. Rachel and Joey are in the kitchen fooling with Rachel’s trifle. Monica walks into the living room from the kitchen.]

Monica: Dad, please don’t pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you’re gonna put your feet up, why don’t you sit on the-

Phoebe: Monica, leave him alone!

[Monica gives Phoebe a surprised expression and goes over to Ross and Chandler.]

Joey: (to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine’s friends are dancers?! And that they’re going to be drinking alot!?

Rachel: (sarcastically) No, I did, but tell me again, because it’s so romantic.

Joey: Well you’re whippin’ so slow! Can’t you do it any faster?

Rachel: Joey! Come on! I don’t wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like “Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?”

[Joey gives her an understanding look.]

Rachel: So why don’t you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?

Joey: Oh I am!

[Chandler and Monica are by the window pressuring Ross to tell his parents the truth.]

Monica: Ross, if you don’t tell them, then I will!

Ross: Okay, fine!

[Ross gets up to go tell his parents.]

[Joey rushes over.]

Joey: Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?

Ross: Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can’t? Okay.

[Monica and Chandler make “What was that?” gestures. Joey and Ross go into Rachel’s old room.]

[Scene: Rachel’s old room, Ross and Joey enter.]

Joey: Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.

Ross: What?! What is with everybody? It’s Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!

Joey: Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they’re all gonna’ make fun of her, do you want that?

Ross: Okay, okay, we’ll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie! (Referring to the dancers.)

Joey: (scolding) Dude, they’re not objects.

[Ross makes a sorry face.]

Joey: Just kiddin,’ I’ll talk to them, you distract Rach.

[Joey and Ross go back out into the main area.]

Ross: Hey Rach, can I talk to you outside for a second?

Rachel: Okay...

[The hallway. Rachel and Ross go out and they just stand there for a few seconds.]

Rachel: What’s up, Ross?

Ross: So um...Thanksgiving. The holiday season is upon us, hm?

Rachel: Yeah!

Ross: And um...You look nice today.

Rachel: Oh no. No Ross, don’t do this.

Ross: What?

Rachel: I just- I don’t think us getting back together is a good idea.

Ross: (shocked) Eh?

Rachel: I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y’know? And it’s probably really hard for you to be alone right now.

Ross: (cutting her off) You’re alone.

Rachel: No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you’re [pity-tone] alone, alone. And I just-it’s just not the time for us. I’m sorry.

Ross: (just trying to get out of the conversation) Ah well, can’t blame a guy for trying!

[Inside Monica and Chandler’s. Joey is almost done explaining the situation to everyone.]

Joey: Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he’s not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh, or saying “mmm” and uh, oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl), okay?

Chandler: Yeah, I’m not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.

[Ross and Rachel re-enter.]

Joey: Rachel, there you are! Come on, let’s serve that dessert already!

Rachel: Joey, you’re gonna have to stop rushing me, you know what? You don’t get any dessert.

Joey: (happily) Really?

Rachel: No, I’m just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it’s trifle time!

Phoebe: So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn’t it?

Rachel: It sure is.

Phoebe: Wow. So then did you make it with beef or Eggplant?

Rachel: Beef.

Phoebe: I can’t have any. You know I don’t eat meat. (Faking dissapointment.) Ohhh no.

[Phoebe gets up and goes into Rachel’s old room, a smile on her face.]

Rachel: Alright, Monica, I want you to have the first taste.

Monica: Really?

[Rachel hands Monica a plate. Monica takes a spoonful of the whipped cream portion.]

Rachel: Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!

Monica: Okay.

[Monica takes a bigger spoonful and a pea falls off]

Rachel: Op! Wait, you dropped a pea.

[Monica puts the pea on top of the spoonful and takes a bite.]

Rachel: Well?

Monica: (faking joy. Rubbing her stomach and smiling at the same time, like Joey said) Mmmm! It’s good!

Rachel: Really? How good?

Monica: It’s so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who’s eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.

[Ross glares at Monica.]

[Everyone takes a bite of their trifle.]

All: (faking enjoyment) Mmm.

Chandler: (clearly lying and hating the dessert) Yeah, this is so good, that I’m gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.

[Chandler exits to the balcony.]

Mrs. Geller: (lying) I’ve gotta call my friend Mary and tell her how good this is, from Monica’s room.

Mr. Geller: (also lying) I’ll help you dial.

[Jack and Judy exit to Monica’s room.]

Monica: (again, lying) I’m gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.

[Monica exits to the bathroom.]

Rachel: Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.

[Rachel reaches for Ross’s plate]

Ross: Wha? No no! Ah! (Ross scarfs all of his trifle down in about a second. He looks like he’s going to throw up.) (Lying) All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left.

[Rachel leaves to the balcony.]

Ross: It tastes like feet!

Joey: I like it.

Ross: Are you kidding?

Joey: What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.

[Rachel and Chandler re-emerge from the balcony.]

Rachel: ...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?

[Chandler makes a fake "I know I couldn’t believe it either" gesture.]

Chandler: (lying) Yes, but if it’s any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.

[Phoebe comes back from Rachel’s old room.]

Phoebe: Rachel, come here. (Rachel walks over to Phoebe. Chandler sits down on the lounge-chair.) Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.

Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?

Phoebe: I dunno, let’s see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.

Rachel: (humoring Phoebe) Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!

Phoebe: Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.

[Jack and Judy come out of Monica’s room and sit down on the couch.]

Mr. Geller: Boy, I’m glad I wore the big belt today.

Phoebe: Five minutes ago, a line like that would’ve floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.

[Rachel and Phoebe walk into the kitchen. Monica comes out of the bathroom and goes over to Ross.]

Monica: Ross? Let’s go.

Ross: Oh yeah, about telling Mom and Dad, I was thinking about maybe writing a letter.

Monica: Alright, you know what? That’s it. You’ve had your chance.

Ross: Wha-what?

Monica: (out loud, to her parents) Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college!

Mr. and Mrs. Geller: What?!

Ross: (in a 5 year old’s tone) (To Monica) You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana?

Mr. and Mrs. Geller: Yes. (They look at Chandler angrily.)

Ross: Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I’m sorry.

Mrs. Geller: It was you?

Monica: And Dad, y’know that mailman that you got fired? He didn’t steal your Playboys! Ross did!

[The Gellers stare at Ross. Ross looks at his parents with an afraid, shocked look.]

Ross: Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn’t break the porch swing, Monica did!

[The Gellers glare at Monica.]

[Joey, Phoebe, and Rachel are sitting at the table, looking at the Geller siblings like they’re weirdos.]

Monica: Ross hasn’t worked at the museum for a year!

[The Gellers glare at Ross.]

Ross: Monica and Chandler are living together!

[The Gellers glare at Monica, shocked]

[Monica and Chandler both are shocked. Ross gives Monica a “take that!” look.]

Monica: Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got divorced! Again!!!!

[The Gellers glare at Ross.]

Phoebe: (joining in) I love Jacques Cousteau!

Rachel: (reading the recipe magazine, finally figuring out that...) I wasn’t supposed to put beef in the trifle!

Joey: (pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo!

Mrs. Geller: (rubbing her temples) That’s alot of information to get in in thirty seconds! Alright Joey, if wanna leave, just leave. Rachel, no you weren’t supposed to put beef in the trifle. It did not taste good. Phoebe, I’m sorry, but I think Jacques Cousteau is dead. (Phoebe makes a sad face.) Monica, why you felt you had to hide the fact that you were in an important relationship is beyond me.

Mr. Geller: And we kinda figured about the porch swing.

Mrs. Geller: Ross, drugs? Divorced? Again?

Mr. Geller: What happened son?

Ross: I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!

Mrs. Geller: Chandler! You’ve been Ross’s best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. (Ross gets disgusted.) And now you’ve taken on Monica as well. Well, I don’t know what to say. You’re a wonderful human being.

[Chandler is mega shocked!]

Chandler: Thank you!

Mr. Geller: No! Thank you! (Hugs Chandler) Monica, and Ross! I don’t know what I’m gonna do about the two of you!

Chandler: (In a parent-like tone) I’ll talk to them!

Closing Credits

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Everyone is helping clean the table.]

Rachel: You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn’t feel bad!

Monica: Well actually, I-I didn’t eat mine. It’s still in the bathroom.

Joey: No it isn’t, I ate that.

Mrs. Geller: (pointing to herself and Jack) Well we left ours in Monica’s bedroom.

Joey: Nope, got it and I got yours (Pointing to Jack) too.

End[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s apartment, everyone except Ross is decorating the tree.]

Chandler: Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.

Rachel: That’s a good story, Grandpa.

(Ross enters)

Ross: Hey

All: Hey

Ross: Wow, Monica’s letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?

Monica: Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It’s about being with the people that you love.

Phoebe: That is nice and we’re done. TADA!

(Her side of the tree looks a complete mess)

Chandler: I dunno what it is, it just doesn’t quite feel like Christmas to me.

Monica: Oh, here.

(She turns the tree around so that her side, which is perfectly decorated, is showing)

Chandler: See now it feels like Christmas!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe and Joey are there.]

Ross: … and that’s the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life’s triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.

Rachel: So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.

(Joey enters)

Joey: Hey you guys.

Chandler: Hey Joe what’s up?

Joey: I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y’know, everywhere I look she’s like… (He imitates her stretching)

Chandler: I can see why that’s hard to resist.

Joey: I like her so much!

Monica: Aw, I’m sorry sweetie that she doesn’t feel the same way.

Joey: I know. And she’s so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.

Chandler: You are aware that she’s not a monkey, right?

Ross: I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she’s like OLD NEWS!

(Janine enters)

Janine: Hey guys!

Ross: Hi Janine!

Janine: I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year’s Eve. It’s called some sort of Dick’n Rock’n Dickie Eve.

Monica: Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rocking Eve?

Janine: Yeah, that’s what I said.

Monica: Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!

Chandler: Ah, you’re still just a little fat girl inside aren’t you? (He kisses her on the cheek)

Janine: Well I’m gonna be on it this year. I’m gonna be one of the party people.

Ross: You’re gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!

Janine: Well they said I should bring someone. (To Joey) Do you wanna be my dance partner?

Joey: Totally! I would love to spend New Year’s with you.

Janine: Well actually they’re taping tomorrow. I don’t really understand why.

Ross: Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.

Janine: Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?

Ross: Are you serious?

Monica: We are there!

(Rachel laughs)

Chandler: What, what are you laughing at?

Rachel: Well, I used to date him, but you’re still going out with her!

(Gunther brings Janine a coffee)

Janine: Thanks. (To Monica and Ross) Great so we can all go together! I gotta run. Catch you later!

(Janine leaves)

All: Bye!

Ross: Bye Janine!

Joey: Did she just ask me out on a date?

Chandler: I don’t think so.

Monica: What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!

Rachel: Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I’m sorry, but I don’t think that was a romantic thing.

Joey: Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We’re going to a New Year’s Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y’know? But if she says ‘Dude, what the hell are you doing?’ I can say ‘It wasn’t me, it was New Years!’

Rachel: Well, that’s a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.

Ross: It was a dry day.

Monica: We are going to Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rocking Eve!

Ross: Oh my God!

Monica: Oh my God!

Chandler: (To Rachel) Oh my God!

[Scene: The Set, Joey, Janine, Ross and Monica are walking in.]

Joey: OK, listen I’ve been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It’s a show, but we’re just dancing, OK? It’s no big deal. The important thing to remember – stay cool.

Ross: Got it!

(They get to the main stage)

Ross: Oh my God it’s just like I dreamed it!

Director: OK, everyone gather up.

(Monica and Ross push to the front)

Monica and Ross: ‘Scuse us

Director: Here’s what’s gonna happen. The music’s gonna start, you’re gonna dance, we’re gonna tape, you don’t look at the camera. Any questions?

Ross: Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?

(He and Monica laugh)

Director: Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.

Joey: Ross! So when is it gonna air?

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s apartment, Chandler is there. Phoebe and Rachel enter.]

Rachel: Okay, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.

Chandler: I can save you time ladies, I’m right here.

Phoebe: Yeah, Chandler why don’t you take a walk? This doesn’t concern you.

Rachel: We are looking for our Christmas presents from Monica.

Chandler: What? That’s terrible!

Phoebe: No-no, we do it every year!

Chandler: Oh well, that makes it not terrible.

Phoebe: No, yeah, we never find them! She’s always best at us that wily minx.

Rachel: Don’t worry, we’re just gonna search here for an hour, them we’re gonna go over to Joey’s and search, OK?

Chandler: No not okay, you can’t look for Monica’s presents!

Phoebe: But we have to!

Chandler: No, you don’t have to, and you can’t because I live here too.

Phoebe: Well then, you should look with us.

Chandler: Why?

Rachel: Chandler, aren’t you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?

Chandler: No, I have a great idea for a present for her.

Phoebe: Oh, that’s it? (Mimics Chandler) A great idea!

Rachel: Chandler, that’s not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you’ve just gotten her one great present? I mean that’s just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?

Chandler: If I help, we can find ‘em faster!

Rachel: That’s right!

(Phoebe looks under the couch)

Phoebe: Ooh ooh, we have a live one!

Rachel: Oh, it’s a Macy’s bag!

(Phoebe tips it upside down, and a shoe falls out)

Phoebe: Ooh, who’s it for?

Rachel: (Reading) Dear losers, do you really think I’d hide presents under the couch? P.S. Chandler, I knew they’d break you.

Phoebe: Uh-oh. She may be onto us.

Rachel: We are so gonna find them this year.

Chandler: Y’know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don’t, you don’t do that every year do you?

Rachel: Yeah.

Chandler: You don’t, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?

Phoebe and Rachel: No, we never do that

(They turn away.)

Chandler: Because that’s where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I’ve never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! (He does a weird clicky motion with his fingers, that kinda hard to describe.)

[Scene: The Set, everyone is dancing.]

Monica: Okay, here comes another camera.

Ross: Right. No biggie. Stay loose.

(As the camera passes by, they start to dance really rigid, but the camera is facing the other way.)

Ross: Why do they keep doing that?

Monica: If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They’ve been taping those people up there all day.

Ross: Right.

(They move towards a platform, dancing really strangely as they go)

Ross: Hey, what’d you guys do to get up on there?

Girl: We learned how to dance.

Monica: Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?

Ross: Yeah!

(Camera pans to Joey and Janine)

Janine: Hey! You’re a good dancer!

Joey: Really?

Janine: Yeah, well you’d be better if you just loosened your hips a little.

Joey: What do you mean?

Janine: Like this.

(She pulls Joey towards her and dances really close to him.)

Janine: That’s it, feel the rhythm. That’s better.

Joey: Uh-huh.

Director: (To Joey) Okay, you’re dancing with that girl over there.

Joey: No-no-no-no-no we came together!

Director: I don’t see it. (To Janine) You are dancing with the tall guy over there. Tall guy, raise your hand! (He does. Janine goes over to him.)

Joey: No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.

Director: Really, y’think so? I don’t..

(He leaves, and this girl grabs Joey and starts dancing really wild.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment, Phoebe and Rachel are there and Chandler enters.]

Chandler: I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!

Rachel: Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.

Phoebe: Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!

Chandler: Those are my gifts, I got them for you.

Phoebe: Ohhh. Thanks Chandler they're great!

Rachel: Well Chandler, what is this very weird, metal A Z thing?

Chandler: Those are book ends! That's a great gift!

Phoebe: Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz.

Rachel: Ha!

Chandler: Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?

Rachel: Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!

(Chandler does the weird clicky thing again.)

[Scene: The Set, the girl is still dancing with Joey.]

Joey: Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him, so he picks her up, twirls her round, and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!

Ross: We know!

Monica: Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He’s the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.

Ross: Okay.

(They dance over to him.)

Director: Okay, everybody hold!

(Ross and Monica high-five)

Director: Next on the platforms are… (He points to the right of Ross and Monica, so they dance over to where he’s pointing to. He points away from them) …you two! And… (He points the other way, and Ross and Monica follow his arm. Again he points away.) …You two!

Monica: Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren’t wearing underpants?

Ross: Monica! (Pause) Would it?

(The director shakes his head.)

[Scene: The Men’s Bathroom, the tall guy is there as Joey enters.]

Joey: Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you’re dancing with.

Tall Guy: She’s nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!

Joey: Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown – I’m trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..

Tall Guy: No I don’t think so.

Joey: Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she’s real, uh, mellow!

Tall Guy: Look, are you dating this girl you came with?

Joey: Well, I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know…

Tall Guy: No, no. She’s fair game if you ask me, sorry buddy!

Joey: Alright, alright, hey y’know fair is fair, (he pretends to wash his hands) if you’re right, you’re right, what can I say, but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy’s pants)

Tall Guy: God! What are you, in second grade?

Joey: Hey, now you’re the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)

[Scene: The Set, Monica and Ross are dancing.]

Monica: Man, this sucks! Y’know if Mom and Dad don’t see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who’s gonna be the losers then?

Ross: Hey, I know what’ll get us up on a platform!

Monica: What?

Ross: The routine!

Monica: Ross, we haven’t done the routine since middle school.

Ross: Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he’ll wanna build us our own platform!

Monica: Was it really that good?

Ross: We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it’s almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?

Monica: Okay, let’s do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!

(They move into a space, and Ross points to his eyes and then to hers)

Monica: 5 6 7 8!

(They start the routine. However hard I try, I really cannot describe it. You will have to watch it. I’m sorry.)

(When they finish, they walk over to the director)

Ross: So, do we really have to ask who’s going up on the platform next?

Director: Oh no! You get up there and do that again exactly like that!

Monica: Yes! (They run over to a platform)

Director: (To Cameraman) Make sure you get this, they’re gonna want it for the bloopers show. (To everyone) Alright cut! Listen up everyone, when we start again it’s gonna be the countdown to new years, so I wanna see everybody’s excitement.

[Cut to Joey and Janine]

Tall Guy: Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.

Director: What’s going on over here?

Joey: Uh, take a look at the guy’s pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don’t you think he went a little overboard?

Director: What’s the matter with you? Get out of here!

Joey: Yeah, take a hike wetpants!

(The director pushes the Tall Guy away)

[Cut to Ross and Monica, who are finally on a platform!]

Ross: Can you believe this? We’re gonna be on the platform for the Millennium moment!

Monica: I know! Hey, you haven’t been practising the routine, have you?

Ross: No!

Monica: Me too!

Ross: Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y’know? (He mimics a robot)

Monica: Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don’t wanna look stupid!

Director: Alright we’re back! Ten seconds left here we go! Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! (He continues to count as we hear Joey think)

Joey’s Head: Okay, it all comes down to this. Whatever happens, happens. Destiny.

All: Three, Two, One!

Director: Cut!

Joey: No! Year! Happy No Year!

Director: Okay, here’s where we go to the live shot of Times Square, nice work everyone that’s a wrap!

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s apartment, Chandler and Rachel are there, and Phoebe enters with the Chick and the Duck.]

Phoebe: Hey! Look who I found!

Chandler: Oh, hey guys!

Phoebe: Y’know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.

Chandler: Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.

Phoebe: Or we could just follow your clever jokes – any ideas? No! Didn’t think so! Okay, c’mon guys, show us where the presents are!

Chandler: Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that’s as good as garbage?

Phoebe: Hmm, how about my azzz?

(Rachel sits on the window seat, and knocks against it)

Rachel: Hey, this is hollow.

Phoebe: What?

Rachel: This bench, it’s hollow! I can’t believe I never knew that! (She pushes all the pillows off it and opens it up) Oh, the presents!!!

Phoebe: No, don’t look directly at them!

Chandler: What?

Phoebe: Alright, no, we could look at them!

Rachel: Oh, this one’s for me!

Phoebe: Oh, this one’s for Chandler. Here.

Chandler: Oh great!

Phoebe: And the big one’s for me!

Rachel: Ooh, let’s open them!

Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay!

Phoebe: Hee hee!

Chandler: Wait, we can’t do this.

Phoebe and Rachel: Why?

Chandler: I don’t wanna know what Monica got me. Y’know? I mean, look, I’m sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.

Rachel: Whatever Linus, I’m opening mine.

Chandler: Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don’t know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica’s face when I give her my present, and I’m sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?

Phoebe: Will you get us better gifts?

Chandler: Fine!

(Monica enters, and they throw the gifts behind them.)

Monica: Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?

Chandler: That’s what you got me?

Phoebe: Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.

(Rachel leans over to look at him.)

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, they both enter.]

Joey: Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year’s gonna go off. I guess there’s no reason for all that Y2K panic, y’know? Anyway, g’night!

Janine: Joey.

Joey: Yeah?

Janine: (She takes his hands) 3, 2, 1. (She kisses him) Happy New Year.

Joey: Oh, yoii. What was that for?

Janine: Well, I don’t know tonight when they yelled cut and we didn’t get to kiss, I was really, really, disappointed, and I just, really wanted to kiss you

Joey: Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.

Janine: In the moment, yeah.

Joey: But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?

Janine: Sure, New Year’s Eve is only two weeks away. Can you wait?

Joey: No.

Janine: Me neither.

Joey: 3, 2,

Janine: Joey, you don’t have to count down every time we kiss.

Joey: Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.

(They kiss to the music of Auld Lang Syne)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment, everyone except Joey is there.]

Monica: We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled ‘CUT!’

Rachel: Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?

Monica: Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. (To Ross) Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!

Rachel: ‘Cos I was gonna say there’s no way you could’ve done the end the way you guys did it back then!

Monica: What? We could do it!

Ross: I don’t know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.

Monica: I can do it, okay? Come on, let’s go. (She and Ross get up)

Monica and Ross: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 (Ross runs to be caught by Monica, but she moves out of the way)

Monica: I can’t do it! (Ross falls into Monica’s room)

Chandler: Now you do that, you’re on TV.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, everyone is there as Joey enters happily.]

Joey: Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Joey: Listen, do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?

Monica: Honey, we have been through this before!

Rachel: Yeah. Don’t do this to yourself.

Phoebe: She’s made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.

Joey: Well all right then, I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact (excitedly) that I just kissed her!

Monica: You serious?!

Chandler: That’s great!

Monica: Really?!

Phoebe: Yeah well, we’ll see.

Ross: You kissed her.

Joey: Oh we kissed it up real nice.

Chandler: So you kissed her, so what happened after that?

Joey: I came over here to tell you guys.

Chandler: So she’s just waiting over there for ya?

(Joey nods yes, but suddenly realizes what he did and runs out of the apartment and back to his place.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Janine are pretty much making out at one of the tables as Monica and Rachel look on from the couch.]

Janine: I gotta go.

Joey: Okay. (They kiss.)

Janine: I’m gonna be really late for dance class!

Joey: Okay. (They kiss.)

Janine: Okay, now I’m really late. (Gets up.)

Joey: Okay, I’m all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips? (She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)

Janine: (to Monica and Rachel) Bye.

Monica: Bye. (Janine exits.)

Joey: Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!

Monica: I am so glad you said cooks.

Rachel: I know.

Chandler: (entering) Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff. (Hands her all of her bills and stuff.)

Rachel: Oh-oh, Pottery Barn! (Grabs the aforementioned catalog and holds the rest back out to Chandler.) You can throw the rest away.

Chandler: I’m not your garbage man. I’m your mailman.

Rachel: Monica look! Look-look-look! Here is that table that I ordered. (Shows her the picture.)

Monica: You got it from Pottery Barn?!

Rachel: Yeah! It’s an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?

Chandler: A pharmacist. (Rachel mocks him.)

Monica: Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.

Joey: I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!

Chandler: You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!

Joey: (indignant) I was tired!

Rachel: Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!

Monica: Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.

Rachel: Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.

Monica: It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?

Joey: Hey! I made that for her!

Chandler: You made pottery?

Joey: Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.

Monica: I’m telling—If you put that in her apartment you’ll never hear the end of it.

Rachel: Okay fine! I’ll-I’ll just tell her it’s an antique apothecary table, she doesn’t have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.

Chandler: Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore…

[Scene: The Hallway between the apartments, Joey, Janine, Chandler, and Monica are returning from a double date. Chandler is telling a joke.]

Chandler: …so then the farmer says, "That’s not a cow and you’re not milking it." (Everyone laughs.)

Monica: I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!

Chandler: Look at us, we’re a couple of couples!

Janine: I had so much fun tonight, and what a great restaurant.

Monica: Yeah.

Joey: And Chandler I can’t believe I let you pay for this one. (They hug and he whispers in his ear.) Thanks man.

Monica: So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I’ll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.

Janine: Oh that would be great!

Joey: Oh, but hey look, at least let us bring the wine.

Monica: Joey, you don’t have too!

Joey: Nope-op! I insist! (He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.) You get the wine right?

Chandler: Yeah all right. (They part.) Okay, good night guys.

Joey: See ya tomorrow!

Monica: Tomorrow!

Janine: Can’t wait! (They each go into their respective apartments.)

[Cut to Joey and Janine’s.]

Janine: How are we gonna get out of that one?

Joey: What?

Janine: I can’t handle two nights in a row with them.

Joey: What-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?

Janine: I don’t know, they’re just a little blah!

Joey: Blah?!

Janine: Well y’know, he’s blah, she’s just—she’s very loud for such a small person.

Joey: Uh, they’re like my best friends. Are you saying we can’t hang out with them? ‘Cause that would kinda be a problem.

Janine: No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y’know, not two nights in a row. Okay?

Joey: I guess.

Janine: Thank you. (They kiss.)

Joey: If you want, I’ll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Rachel is placing CDs into her antique apothecary table as Phoebe returns home.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Phoebe: (sees the table) Ooh, what a great table! Where-where did you get it?

Rachel: Guess!

Phoebe: Umm, a flea market?

Rachel: Ha! See, I knew, I knew you’d get it on the first guess. Isn’t it cool! It’s an apothecary table.

Phoebe: Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where (She’s opening and closing the drawers) they kept all the stuff to make their potions.

Rachel: Ohh, yes.

Phoebe: Y’know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.

Rachel: Almost.

Phoebe: How much was it?

Rachel: It was only 500 bucks.

Phoebe: 500 bucks at a flea market?!

Rachel: Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y’know like back then.

Phoebe: Oh no.

Rachel: Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y’know, it was like a dollar.

Phoebe: A dollar?

Rachel: And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.

Phoebe: Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.

Rachel: Yeah.

Phoebe: Well, what period is it from?

Rachel: Uh, it’s from yore. Like the days of yore. Y’know?

Phoebe: Yes, yes I do. God, oh it’s just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y’know where it was from or…

Rachel: Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.

Phoebe: (gasps) White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.

[Scene: Ross’s apartment, Rachel is entering as Ross comes out of the kitchen carrying popcorn.]

Rachel: Hey! We’re here!

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: (seeing his new table) Ohh! Oh my God!

Ross: You like it?

Rachel: Oh no!

Ross: It’s my new apothecary table!

Rachel: Ross! Phoebe’s gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!

Ross: Well why not?! She’ll-she’ll love it! It’s the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.

Rachel: I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she’s gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.

Ross: Why did you do that?

Rachel: Because she hates Pottery Barn.

Ross: She hates Pottery Barn?!!

Rachel: I know! I know, she says it’s all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. (Ross looks at his table.) So come on, she’s gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?

Ross: What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe—Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets! (Gets them.)

Rachel: Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!

Ross: Uh, yeah! I still can’t believe she hates Pottery Barn!

Rachel: Ross, get over it! It’s not like she hates you.

Ross: Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y’know what I think? It’s just she-she’s weird. Y’know it’s because she’s a twin. Twins are weird.

Rachel: Ross, she’s not weird, she just wants her stuff to be one of a kind.

Ross: Huh. Y’know what’s not one of a kind? A twin!

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: Ooh, Phoebe’s here! Okay, let’s turn out all the lights and we’ll just watch the movie!

Phoebe: Okay. Hey—Ooh, cool sheets! (Notices the sheet over the table.)

Ross: Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?

Phoebe: Sure!

Rachel: He got it a flea market!

Phoebe: You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s, Joey is pacing around as Chandler and Monica enter.]

Monica: Hey!

Joey: Hi!

Monica: The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.

Chandler: And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. (Hands it to him.) You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn’t afford it, because you paid dinner last night.

Joey: Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it’s just gonna be me again tonight.

Monica: What happened to Janine?

Joey: Oh, she’s uh-uh really sick.

Chandler: Oh that’s too bad.

Joey: Yeah, she’s been in there all day (Points to her room), uh high fever, a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!

Janine: (entering from her room) Monica! Chandler! I’m really-really sorry about tonight. I don’t know if Joey told you; I just couldn’t get out of going to this play. I’m sorry. Have a great time.

Joey: ‘Kay!

Janine: Bye. (Exits)

Chandler: That’s funny, I saw no phlegm.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Joey and Janine’s, continued from earlier.]

Joey: No-no, she really is sick!

Chandler: Then why-why is she going to a play?!

Joey: Uh, y’know, starve a fever, go to a play for a cold.

Monica: Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!

Joey: Well uh, she didn’t want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I’m so sorry.

Chandler: Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!

Joey: Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too loud.

Monica: (loudly) What?!! (Quietly) What?

Chandler: So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!

Monica: Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!

Chandler: And I am not blah, I am a hoot!

Joey: I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y’know? And it was our first date! Plus, she’s really sick!

Chandler: No, you sh—No you said you made that up!!

Joey: I know, but don’t you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?

Chandler: Eh, they’re both good. I generally just go with, Monica’s drunk again. (Monica glares at him.)

Joey: Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She’ll come around I promise.

Monica: Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.

Chandler: Okay.

(They exit and close the door.)

Monica: (from the hallway) I do not like that woman!

Joey: (shouting) I can hear you!

Monica: I am loud!

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are watching a movie.]

All: Aww! (They all laugh.)

Rachel: That’s funny. (Phoebe puts her feet up on Ross’s table.)

Ross: Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new…(On Rachel’s glare)…old sheet?

Phoebe: Oh sure! (She goes to take her feet off, but drags the sheet with her which spills the wine.) Noo!

Rachel: Ohh!!

Ross: My apothecary table!!!

Phoebe: What?!

Rachel: Noooooo!! (Phoebe lifts up the sheet to discover the exact same apothecary table they have.)

Phoebe: Ross, where did you get this?!

Ross: I got it at Pottery Barn!! Okay?!

Rachel: Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!

Phoebe: Wow! Oh my God, well if they’ve ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!

Rachel: Oh yes.

Phoebe: Well this doesn’t even smell like opium.

Ross: Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.

Phoebe: Oh Ross, calm down, I’ll give you the 80 cents. (Ross glares at Rachel)

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are sitting at the kitchen table.]

Chandler: Okay, one more time.

Monica: Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?

Chandler: Perfect decibel.

Monica: (loudly) I know!!!

Joey: (entering) Hey!

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: So uh, what are you guys doing?

Chandler: Oh nothing, we’re just talking. Y’know, blah-blah-blah.

Joey: Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.

Monica: Well, I’d like to but, (extremely quietly) I’m not sure we have time to go.

Joey: Ha-ha, very funny—Look! I don’t know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!

Monica: We owe you?!

Joey: That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!

Monica: We didn’t give you any money! (Chandler is motioning, "No!")

Joey: You don’t think I know that!

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Rachel is showing Ross around the newly decorated living room.]

Rachel: …see I can’t decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.

Ross: Wow! I didn’t know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.

Rachel: I know, I know. I went a little crazy.

Ross: A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hey.

Phoebe: (sees Ross) Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.

Ross: (glaring at Rachel) Fascinating.

Phoebe: (gasps) Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!

Rachel: Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.

Phoebe: Ah!

Ross: Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel? (She glares at him.)

Rachel: Well there’s yore. And uh, y’know, yesteryear.

Phoebe: Yeah no, I’m telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y’know if you ever decide you need to redecorate—And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.

Rachel: Oh honey he doesn’t need my help.

Phoebe: Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.

Ross: Really?! (To Rachel) Hey, y’know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here’s-here’s 60 bucks, why don’t you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.

Rachel: (not sure of what to do) Y’know what? I don’t, I don’t think Phoebe really wants to come.

Phoebe: No! I do want to!

Rachel: Oh, she does want to.

Ross: She does want to.

Phoebe: Yeah!

[Scene: The Street, Phoebe and Rachel are heading back from that Colonial flea market.]

Rachel: Pheebs, I don’t know what to say. I guess the flea market was just better last time.

Phoebe: Well at least I got these sheets for Ross.

Rachel: Yeah.

(They walk by a Pottery Barn window display.)

Phoebe: Uck, look at this! Pottery Barn, yuck!

Rachel: Yeah, y’know what? Don’t look at it. (Realizes the display is their living room) Seriously, don’t look at it. (Tries to pull Phoebe away.)

Phoebe: No! Look-look! There’s the coffee table they stole from us!

Rachel: Ugh, those bastards! Let’s go.

Phoebe: That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the…wait a sec! This is our exact living room!

Rachel: No! No! No! No it’s not! No it’s not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don’t have the… (Looks desperately for something different.) We don’t have the…that lamp! And-and that screen is y’know, on the other side.

Phoebe: Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!

Rachel: Okay! Okay-okay look—no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just… Come on don’t be mad.

Phoebe: No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it’s all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don’t have that lamp!

Rachel: Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.

Phoebe: I can’t! I can’t! Unless… Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn’t buy that lamp?

Rachel: What?! No! I’m not gonna move out!

Phoebe: But are you saying that you would move out if I didn’t buy that lamp?

Rachel: (gets it) Oh. Yes! I would so move out!

Phoebe: Okay then I don’t have a choice! I have to buy that lamp!

Rachel: That’s right!

(They start to go inside.)

Phoebe: But at least the apothecary table is real.

[Scene: The hallway, Joey, Janine, Monica, and Chandler are returning from their second date.]

Joey: Well, this-this-this was great. Didn’t everybody have a great time?

Janine: Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I’ve got to say, I’m sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.

Chandler: That’s totally understandable.

Monica: Don’t worry about it.

Janine: So we can go out again?

Chandler: Oh yeah!

Monica: Absolutely!

Janine: Oh good.

Joey: Oh well then, good night!

Monica: Good night! (They go into their respective apartments.)

[Cut to Joey and Janine’s, they’re entering.]

Joey: See? Eh, wasn’t that fun?

Janine: We have got to move!

Monica: (bursting in) I knew it!! Y’know, you’re not so quiet yourself, missy!

Chandler: And I’m blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, (Imitating her) "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."

Janine: Y’know, I know you’re talking, but all I hear is, "Blah. Blah. Blah-blah-blah."

Monica: (steps up and points at her) All right! You and me! Let’s go! Right now!

Joey: All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! (To Chandler and Monica) You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! (They start to leave.)

Chandler: (To Monica) Y’know I think you can take her.

Monica: (to Janine) You’d better hope I don’t see you in the hallway!! (They exit.)

Joey: All right, uh, we’ve got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can’t treat them that way.

Janine: They said stuff to me too, y’know!

Joey: I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I… I don’t think we can be together. It just, it just can’t work. It can’t. (Starts to break up) I’m very upset.

Janine: Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?

Joey: Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. (He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.)

[Cut to the hallway, Janine is entering as Monica is taking out the garbage.]

Monica: What did I tell you about the hall?!

Janine: I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I’d really like it if we could be friends.

Monica: Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.

Janine: Great.

Monica: Now come on. (They hug like men.) Well, I’m glad we worked things out.

Janine: Me too.

Monica: Okay.

Janine: I’ll see you.

Monica: Bye. (Leaves to resume her garbage removal task.)

Janine: (muttering to herself) Or I’ll hear you.

Monica: (hearing that) That’s it big girl! (Hits Janine in the butt with the garbage bag) Come on!

Janine: Wait! (Janine pauses, then runs down the stairs.)

Monica: (chasing her) You’d better run!

(Joey and Chandler both come into the hallway.)

Chandler: Did you hear that?

Joey: Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?

Chandler: Yeah, I’m sorry man. (Pause) You wanna go watch?

Joey: Yeah! (They head downstairs.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Chandler, and Monica are there as Joey enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Joey: How ya doin’?

Chandler: Hey so, did uh, did she move out?

Joey: Pretty much, yeah.

Monica: I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.

Joey: Well, when it’s not right, you know it.

Chandler: You okay?

Joey: Yeah! Yeah. I’ll be all right.

Ross: Y’know what would cheer you up?

Joey: What?

Ross: I’m giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.

Joey: (laughing hysterically) You’re right! That did cheer me up!


[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, Rachel and Monica are there. Ross walks in with a magazine in his hand.]

Ross: Hey, you’re not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it in to Playboy. They printed it!

Phoebe: I didn’t know Playboy prints jokes.

Ross: Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It’s not just about the pictures.

Monica: That didn’t work on mom, it’s not going to work on us.

Ross: (showing them the page) Here, check it out. It’s the first one, too.

(They all laugh indifferently, except Chandler, who’s a little angry.)

Chandler: That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.

Ross: What?

Chandler: I made that joke up.

Ross: Uh, oh-oh, no you didn’t. I did.

Chandler: Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he’d ever heard.

Ross: Hey, tell Dan, ‘Thanks.’

(Rachel is looking at the magazine and laughing.)

Ross: What?

Rachel: I’m sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny. (Ross grabs the magazine away from her.)

Chandler: Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?

Monica: No.

Chandler: Seriously?

Monica: Well, you tell a lot of jokes!

Ross: Look, Chandler, it’s my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don’t print the name, so it doesn’t really matter who gets credit, right?

Chandler: Yeah, I guess.

Joey: (entering) Hey guys.

Chandler: (jumping up from his chair) Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke.

Ross: No, it’s my joke, it’s mine. You can call them, they’ll tell you.

Chandler: It’s my joke.

Ross: It’s my joke.

Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?

Opening Credits

[Scene: Joey’s apartment, Joey is sitting at the counter as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.

Joey: Let’s go watch it at your place.

Chandler: Nah, Monica’s watching some cooking show. Come on, I don’t want to miss when they were skinny.

Joey: Chandler, Chandler, y’know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.

Chandler: What? No, I want to watch this. (He turns on the television and the screen is completely covered in snow). Did your cable go out?

Joey: No, that’s VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It’s like a lotta noise to me. I don’t know…

Chandler: Joey, why is your cable out?

Joey: I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven’t really paid the bill

Chandler: If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?

Joey: No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.

Chandler: Whoa ho.

Joey: I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the Playboy magazine).

Chandler: (picks up the phone) All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?

Joey: Sure.

Chandler: (with phone to ear, obviously hearing no dial tone) Paid your phone bill?

Joey: Not so much.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Rachel are on the couch looking at the Playboy magazine. When they hear someone coming, Monica goes to hide it under the sofa cushions.]

Phoebe: (entering) Hey.

Monica: (relieved) It’s only you.

Phoebe: Wh-wh-what are you doing?

Rachel: We are looking at a Playboy.

Phoebe: Oh, I want to look too! (She runs over and sits down and checks out a picture). Yikes!

Monica: So do you think that these pictures—Are, are they trying to tell a story?

Rachel: Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she’s crying out, ‘Where are they, where are they?’

Monica: Well, she’s not going to find them lying in the grass like that.

(They flip through the pages to another picture.)

Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?

Rachel and Monica: Yeah.

Rachel: You see, now, I would date this girl. She’s cute, she’s outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that’s got to come in handy

Monica: Okay, I’ve got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?

Rachel: (thinks) I don’t know.

Monica: Me neither.

Phoebe: Rachel.

Monica: What?!

Phoebe: I don’t know. (Pause) Me neither.

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, and Ross are sitting on the couch.]

Joey: You forget how many great songs Heart had.

Chandler: Yeah.

Ross: You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.

Chandler: So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.

Joey: Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I’m not even sure I got it.

Ross: What, you didn’t get it? The doctor is a monkey.

(He and Chandler crack up.)

Chandler: And monkeys can’t write out prescriptions.

(He and Ross crack up again. Joey just sits there)

Chandler: (stops laughing, to Ross) You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.

Ross: Your joke? Well, I think ‘the Hef’ would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.

Chandler: So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.

Ross: Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I’ll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.

Chandler: Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.

Ross: Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?

Chandler: Yeah!

Ross: Well, I’m not going to go now anyway (he goes to sit down).

Chandler: Okay (he goes to sit down).

(Ross leaps out of his chair and runs out the door, with Chandler in hot pursuit.)

Gunther: (handing Joey the bill) Here you go.

Joey: Ah, Gunther, I can’t pay for this right now because I’m not working, so I’ve had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin’ for stuff.

Gunther: Well, if you want, you can work here.

Joey: Uh, I don’t know. Ya see, it’s just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y’know? And to go from that to this, I just… Plus, I’d have to wait on all my friends.

Gunther: Okay, but the money’s good, plus you get to stare at Rachel as much as you want.

Joey: What?!

Gunther: Flexible hours.

Joey: Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s bedroom, they are in bed together.]

Monica: (visibly upset) She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.

Chandler: (visibly upset) He took my joke, he took it.

Monica: It’s wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.

Chandler: You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I’m going to get a joke journal. Y’know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.

Monica: That’s a good idea.

Chandler: Yeah!

Monica: Do you know what’s a bad idea?

Chandler: Picking Rachel.

Monica: That’s right. (A noise comes from the living room.) Did you hear something?

Chandler: Maybe it’s the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.

Monica: It’s coming from the living room.

(They go out to investigate, and find Joey wrapped in a blanket watching their television.)

Joey: (sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back to bed.)

[Scene, Phoebe and Rachel’s, they’re sitting together on the couch.]

Monica: (entering) Hey, you guys.

Phoebe and Rachel: Hey.

Monica: (laughing) Oh, don’t you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.

Rachel: Monica, what are you doing?

Monica: (laughing harder) Nothing, I’m just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. (To Phoebe) Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.

Phoebe: I guess it was kinda funny.

Monica: (angrily) It wasn’t funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn’t you pick me?

Phoebe: Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you’re … just … kinda high maintenance—Okay let’s go to lunch!

Monica: That is completely untrue. You think I’m high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we’re going to go through it point by point!

Phoebe: No, okay, you’re right. You’re easy-going. You’re just not as easy-going as Rachel. She’s just more flexible and-and mellow. That’s all.

Rachel: (To Monica) Well, people are different.

Phoebe: Ya, you know, Rachel … she’ll do whatever you want. Y’know, you can just walk all over her.

Rachel: What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I’m a pushover? I’m not a pushover.

Phoebe: Oh, okay, (laughing) you’re not a pushover.

Rachel: Oh my … you think I’m a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You’re not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that’s pretty strong, that’s what I think. Come on, Monica, let’s go to lunch. (She leaves)

Monica: (to Phoebe) You start working on that list. (She grabs her coat and leaves, too.)

[Cut to the hallway.]

Rachel: I cannot believe her.

Monica: I know. Where do you wanna go eat?

Rachel: Oh, oh, I love that Japanese place.

Monica: I’m sick of Japanese. We’re not going there.

Rachel: All right, wherever you wanna go is cool.

Monica: All right.

[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are there as Ross enters and sees Gunther.]

Ross: (showing the Playboy magazine to Gunther) Oh, hey, Gunther, check this out.

(Gunther looks at the joke and laughs.)

Gunther: Yeah, that-that Chandler cracks me up.

(Ross begins to say something, realizes what Gunther just said, turns, and glares at Chandler. Chandler just shrugs it off.)

Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, ‘cause I’m heading up there.

Ross: Uh, yeah, I’ll take a coffee. Thanks, man.

Joey: Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? ‘Cause I’m going up there.

Rachel: No.

Monica: No, thank you.

Joey: (to a table of strangers) You guys need anything, ‘cause I’m heading up there.

Woman: I’d love an ice water.

Joey: You got it.

Monica: Joey, what are you doing?

Joey: Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a ‘what’s wrong with you?’ look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)

Rachel: Joey, honey, I don’t think you’re supposed to go back there.

Joey: Nah, it’s okay. Right, Gunther? (Winks at him as if they’re in on a secret together.)

Gunther: Don’t wink at me. And put on your apron.

Joey: Okay, but I don’t see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.

Monica: Joey, do you work here?

Joey: No.

Customer: Hey, waiter.

Joey: Yeah?

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]

Monica: Joey, what’s going on. What didn’t you tell us you work here?

Joey: It’s kind of embarrassing, y’know. I mean, I was an actor and now I’m a waiter. It’s supposed to go in the other direction.

Chandler: So is your apron. You’re wearing it like a cape.

Joey: I mean, the job’s easy and the money’s good, you know? I guess I’m going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.

Rachel: Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.

Ross: Yeah, why would it be weird? Hey, Joey, can I get some coffee?

Joey: Okay, I guess it doesn’t seem that weird.

Ross: Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven’t gotten it.

Joey: See, now it’s weird again.

Chandler: I think it’s great that you work here. You’re going to make a lot of money, and here’s your first tip: Don’t eat yellow snow. (He laughs, then picks up a pen, glares at Ross, and writes in his journal). Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.

Rachel: Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. (Joey nods.) A smile goes a long way. (Joey smiles) And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.

Joey: Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y’know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It’s all about turnover.

Ross: Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?

Joey: Oh, I’m sorry, Ross. I’ll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I’ll toss in a free muffin.

(He looks at Rachel and winks, she gives him the thumbs-up sign.)

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel’s, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Rachel and Monica enter.]

Rachel: Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.

Phoebe: Okay.

Monica: So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?

Rachel: Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.

Monica: Hah!

Phoebe: That true, I am flaky.

Rachel: So, what, you’re just, you’re just okay with being flaky?

Phoebe: Yeah, totally.

Monica: Well, then, I’m okay with being high maintenance.

Rachel: Yeah, and I am okay with being a pushover.

Phoebe: That’s great. Good for you guys.

Monica: I am not high maintenance!

Rachel: I am not a pushover!

Phoebe: Who said you were?

Monica and Rachel: You did!

Phoebe: Oh, I’m flaky. I’ll say anything.

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is coming back from using the phone.]

Joey: Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.

Gunther: No, I’m leaving to get my hair dyed.

Joey: Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it’s a great part. Look, check it out. I’m the lead guy’s best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. ‘I’m sorry, that seat’s saved.’

Gunther: That’s the whole part?

Joey: Okay, maybe he’s not his best friend, but …

Gunther: Okay, I’ll see you in an hour.

Joey: Oh, man, I could totally get that part. ‘I’m sorry, that seat is taken.’

Patron: Oh, excuse me.

Joey: No, no, I didn’t mean you. But, you believed me, huh?

Patron: I believed you were saving this seat for someone.

Joey: So, you’d hire me, right?

Patron: For what?

Joey: Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.

Customers: Huh? What?

Joey: Yeah, it’s for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It’s a very important issue in this month’s Playboy. I’m sure you all read about it.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Ross are both pouting and sitting on the couch.]

Ross: It’s my joke.

Chandler: It’s my joke.

Ross and Chandler: It’s my joke.

Ross: Y’know, I don’t think we’re going to settle this.

Chandler: Let’s have Monica decide.

Ross: Yeah!

Chandler: Yeah!

Ross: Hey Mon.

Chandler: Mon, get out here!

Ross: Monica! (She appears, not sure why she was summoned.)

Chandler: Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.

Monica: Why do I have to decide?

Chandler: Because you’re the only one that can be fair.

Ross: Yeah.

Monica: I can’t be fair. You’re my boyfriend.

Ross: Yeah, but I’m your brother. We’re family. That’s the most important thing in the world.

Chandler: (to Ross) Don’t try to sway her. (To Monica) (Softly) I’m your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let’s go.

Ross: We’ll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth—me.

Monica: Okay, Chandler, you go first.

Chandler: Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.

Monica: Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?

Chandler: Can I finish my story?!

Monica: Do you want me to pick you?!

Ross: See, I would never snap at you like that.

(Chandler motions to Monica that he’ll give her two babies.)

Monica: Continue.

Chandler: So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve’s doctor’s name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, ‘Doctor Monkey?’ And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. (He slams his feet up on the table to emphasize his point.)

Ross: Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I’m a doctor, and I had a monkey. I’m Doctor Monkey!

Chandler: I’m not arguing with that.

Monica: All right, I’ve heard enough. I’ve made my decision.

(Both Chandler and Ross are eager to hear her decision.)

Monica: You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it’s offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn’t be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!

(Monica leaves the room)

Ross: It’s your joke.

Chandler: Is not.

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is sitting at a table and Phoebe is on the couch. Chandler and Monica can be seen outside, she’s lecturing him, and pushes him inside. He then nods to Rachel, and is obviously counting off the seconds in his head and then Monica makes a grand enterance.]

Monica: Hi, Chandler. There you are.

Chandler: Hi, oh hi.

Monica: Hey, it’s Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don’t you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?

(Rachel and Phoebe exchange looks.)

Chandler: (starts to recite a rehearsed speech) Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. (Pause.) Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and—(He falters and Monica prompts him.)—generosity of spirit.

Rachel: Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I’ve ever heard.

Phoebe: Really? I’ve heard better.

Monica: Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.

Chandler: (To Chandler) I’m out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?

Monica: Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!

Chandler: (pauses as he struggles with what he has to say) You’re a little high maintenance.

Monica: Ahhh! You are on my list.

Chandler: I’m sorry. You’re not easy-going, but you’re passionate, and that’s good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I’m pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that’s good too. So, they can say that you’re high maintenance, but it’s okay, because I like … maintaining you.

Monica: (embarrassed) (To Phoebe and Rachel) I didn’t even tell him to say that. (They hug). All right you’re off my list.

Chandler: (happily) I’m off the list. (Sits on the couch.)

Monica: (sits next to him) Phoebe, it’s okay that you don’t want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.

Phoebe: (to Monica) Y’know, suddenly I find you very attractive.

(Joey enters.)

Chandler: Hey, buddy boy, how’d the audition go?

Joey: Not good, no. I didn’t get the part, and I lost my job here, so …

Phoebe: Wow! That is a bad audition.

Rachel: How-how did you lose your job here?

Joey: Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.

Rachel: He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you’ve been working here two days? That’s not, that’s not right.

Joey: Yeah, what are ya gonna do?

Rachel: Joey, you can’t let him get away with that. Ya know what, I’m not going to let him get away with that. I’m going to say something to him—No, I really shouldn’t say anything—No, I should say something to him. (Goes to the counter) Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him…

Gunther: Okay.

Rachel: What?

Gunther: He can have his job back.

Rachel: That’s right, he can have his job back. I’m glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.

Joey: That’s great. Thanks Rach.

Rachel: Yeah, pretty nice, huh? Now who’s a pushover?

Phoebe: (returning from the bathroom) Rach, you’re in my seat.

Rachel: Oh, I’m sorry. (Gets up and moves.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are sitting at the kitchen table, talking.]

Phoebe: Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.

Monica: I pick you, Phoebe.

Rachel: Oh, yeah. Definitely you, Pheebs.

Phoebe: Yeah, well, I kinda thought.

(Phoebe gets up from the table, and while her back is turned, Rachel and Monica indicate via sign language that they each would have picked the other.)

(Joey, Chandler and Ross enter.)

Chandler: Hey.

Rachel: Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?

Ross: No way.

Joey: I’m not answering that.

Chandler: Joey! (Pause as they all stare at him.) No way. I’m not answering that.

End
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is giving Rachel, Chandler, Phoebe, and Ross their bills.]

Joey: Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that’s (pauses to figure the total) $12.75.

Chandler: This coming from the man who couldn’t split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.

(A good-looking woman approaches.)

Woman: Hi!

Joey: Hi!

Woman: How much do I owe you for the muffin and the latte?

Joey: Oh that’s on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.

Woman: Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?

Joey: Well, he’s not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him—He says it’s okay. (She hands him her card.) Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!

Ross: Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn’t free?

Joey: It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever!

Rachel: Wait a minute, you’re only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?

Phoebe: Yeah Joey that is so gross!

Joey: How about a scone on the house baby?

Phoebe: (giggles) I’m pretty.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, everyone but Monica is there playing Monopoly.]

Ross: Hey does anyone have any gum?

Phoebe: Oh I do! (She grabs her huge purse and starts rummaging through it and taking out various items in a futile search for the gum.) Oh, y’know what? No. (Pause) Wait a second. (She removes a bag filled with water that has a goldfish swimming in it.) I know it’s in here somewhere.

Ross: Y’know what? I’m good! I’m good!

Monica: (entering) Hey!

Ross: Hey!

Chandler: Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be at work?

Monica: (congested) Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can’t work if I’m sick.

All: Ohh!

Chandler: I’m so sorry you’re sick.

Monica: I’m not sick!! I don’t get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!

Rachel: Honey, no one thinks you’re a pansy, but we do think you need a tissue. (She notices something hanging from Monica’s nose, as does Joey.)

Monica: (wiping her nose) I have not been sick in over three years! (Sneezes.)

Chandler: I’m gonna grab you some tissue.

Monica: I don’t need a tissue! I’m fine-d!

Ross: When you put a ‘D’ at the end of ‘Fine’ you’re not fine.

Monica: I’m fine-d. I’m fine-d! Y’know, it’s a really hard word to say.

(There’s a knock on the door. The gang is stunned and Phoebe counts to make sure that everyone is there. Out of curiosity Chandler goes and answers the door.)

Chandler: Yes?

(A woman enters.)

Woman: Hi, is Rachel here? I’m her sister.

Rachel: Oh my God, Jill!

Jill: Oh my God, Rachel!

(They run and hug each other.)

Chandler: Oh my God, introduce us!

Rachel: This is Chandler. (Points at him.)

Jill: Hi!

Rachel: And you know Monica and Ross!

Ross: Hi Jill.

Rachel: And that’s Phoebe (points), and that’s Joey.

Joey: Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?

Rachel: Don’t!! (Joey backs away frightened.) (To Jill) Honey, what are you doing here?!

Phoebe: (To Ross) Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that’s bitter?

Jill: (To Rachel) Daddy cut me off.

Phoebe: Never mind, I got it.

Jill: And y’know what I said to him? "I’m gonna hire a lawyer and I’m gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I’m gonna cut you off!"

Rachel: Wow! What did he say?

Jill: That he wouldn’t pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he’s actually proud off.

Rachel: Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad’s proud of me! My dad’s proud of me.

Monica: Rach? (Points to Jill.)

Rachel: Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?

Jill: Okay, I bought a boat.

Monica: You bought a boat?

Jill: Yeah but it wasn’t for me, it was for a friend.

Chandler: Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! (Rachel glares at him.)

Rachel: Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could’ve ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I’m the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna get a job, you’re gonna get an apartment, and then I’ll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?

Phoebe: Of course, yeah!

Jill: Oh, that’s so great! Okay, I’m really gonna do this! I don’t know how to thank you guys.

Phoebe: Ooh, I like cards.

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is working as Phoebe and Ross are sitting on the couch.]

Joey: (to a customer) Are you all finished here?

Customer: Yes.

Joey: Great! (Joey takes his cookie and finishes it.)

Gunther: Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.

Joey: What?!

Gunther: For all the free food you gave away.

Joey: Well if it’s free food, how come you’re charging me for it?

Gunther: We don’t give anything away unless it’s someone’s birthday.

Joey: Well, what if they came in third in a modeling contest?

Gunther: No!

Joey: (to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest) Sorry! (He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)

Jill: (entering, carrying a bunch of shopping bags) I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy. (Sets them down.)

Ross: Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.

Jill: Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! (Holds up a red sweater) This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. (Holds up a pair of black pants) And these are my, "Don’t you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.

Ross: I don’t think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.

Jill: Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!

Phoebe: Seriously, I don’t Rachel’s gonna think it’s a good idea.

Jill: So who made her queen of the world?

Phoebe: I would love that job!

Rachel: (entering) Hey! What’s goin’ on?

Jill: Hey!

Rachel: (notices Jill’s bags) Jill! Did you shop?!

Jill: No! They did! (Points to Phoebe and Ross)

Phoebe and Ross: Yeah, we went shopping!

Rachel: You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill’s nose when you know she’s trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!

Phoebe: Sorry Jill.

Ross: Sorry-sorry Jill.

Rachel: What’d you get?

Phoebe: Oh well, all right, I got (Ross hands her a bag) (To Ross) thank you, I got uh, this y’know "I want a job sweater." (Holds up the same sweater.)

Rachel: Oh.

Phoebe: And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.

Rachel: Apartment pants?

Phoebe: Yeah, you never heard of them?

Rachel: No, of course, of course I’ve heard of them! Ross, what did you get?

Ross: Huh? Oh, I got this—(Holds up this pink frilly thing)—this!

Rachel: A pajmena?

Ross: Yeah! Oh, I-I love this babies!

Rachel: Really?

Ross: Ross, wants a pajmena?

Ross: It’s a rug. (Jill winces.)

Rachel: Jill?

Jill: (covers her eyes and starts crying) I’m sorry Rachel, I’m sorry…

Rachel: Oh, come on! You think that’s gonna work on me?! I invented that!

Jill: Right! But, I am sorry.

Rachel: All right, it’s okay. One little setback is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I’m just gonna take the-the pajmena. (Ross hands it to her.) And the uh, and the uh pants. Y’know what, I’m just gonna take it all away, ‘cause that way you’ll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I’m gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner. (Leaves with all of Jill’s stuff.)

Jill: She took all my stuff.

Ross: Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one. (Holds it up for her.)

Jill: (gasps) That’s the best one! Oh my God, (hugs him) thank you so much!

Ross: Well. Hey…

Jill: Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!

Ross: Oh yeah, how about you and the, (mimics her fake cry) "I’m sorry!"

Jill: (hits him) Shut up! I did not sound like that at all!

Phoebe: What about, what about when I said y’know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?

(They both look at her.)

Jill: Were you this cute in high school?

Ross: Oh stop.

Jill: No you stop!

Ross: No, you stop!

Jill: You stop!

Phoebe: (gets up and sits between them) Okay-okay, why don’t I sit here and you’ll both stop it!

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is still very sick and is entering the living room from the bathroom wearing a robe. Chandler is reading a magazine.]

Monica: Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let’s do something crazy!

Chandler: I know, let’s rest and drink lots of fluids. (Holds up a glass of orange juice.)

Monica: Okay, I’ll rest. But y’know if I’m going to bed, then you’re coming with me.

Chandler: That would be impossible to resist if you weren’t all drippy here. (Points to his nose.)

Monica: (wiping her nose) Are you saying that you don’t wanna get with this? (Tries to do a little sexy body rub, but it doesn’t work all that well with the big robe.)

Chandler: Yeah, I don’t you should say that even when you’re healthy.

Monica: (in a sexy voice) Come on. (Coughs loudly.)

Chandler: Don’t take this personally okay? It’s just that I just can’t have sex with a sick person.

Monica: I’m with you Chandler! I mean I can’t have sex with a sick person either, that’s disgusting! But I’m not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.

Chandler: That’s the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Rachel is putting away her new clothes as Phoebe enters.]

Rachel: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey.

Rachel: What’s up?!

Phoebe: Umm, I think there’s something you should maybe know.

Rachel: Well, it’d better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.

Phoebe: No. No. It’s just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I’m pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.

Rachel: What?!

Phoebe: Yeah I mean it’s probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.

Rachel: With Ross and Jill?

Phoebe: Yeah!

Rachel: With Ross and my sister?

Phoebe: Yeah.

Rachel: With my sister Jill and my ex-boyfriend Ross?

Phoebe: Yeah.

Rachel: Oh there is no way.

Phoebe: Okay then.

Rachel: Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don’t really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn’t that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they’re gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can’t stop it! I can’t—I don’t own Ross! Y’know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can’t believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.

Phoebe: But great news about the apartment pants, huh?

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is giving the bill to the same beautiful woman from before.]

Joey: That’ll be $3.85.

Woman: What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!

Joey: It’s just I can’t because my manager said I… (Gets an idea) (Starts singing) "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie…

Woman: Amy!

Joey: (still singing) "…Amy! Happy birthday to you!"

A Male Customer: Hey, that’s weird, today’s my birthday too!

Joey: Yeah, not it here it isn’t.

Jill: (entering) Sorry I’m late, what’s up?

Rachel: (on the couch) Oh hi! Y’know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.

Jill: Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn’t go in. How strong am I?

Rachel: That is great. Hey, y’know who doesn’t have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.

Jill: Yeah.

Rachel: Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you’re gonna go out?

Jill: Me go out with Ross?! No! God no! What would make you think that?

Rachel: I just, Phoebe, said y’know thought she saw something between you guys.

Jill: No! I mean he’s nice.

Rachel: Yeah.

Jill: He’s the kind of guy you’re friends with, y’know? But he’s not the kind of guy you date. He’s the kind of guy you’d date because you did. Me, not so much.

Rachel: Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?

Jill: Oh no-no-no, he’s just I don’t know, he’s just a little bookish.

Rachel: Are-are you saying he’s a geek?

Jill: You think so too?

Rachel: No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!

Jill: Fine, then let’s just say he’s not my type.

Rachel: What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren’t on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!

Jill: Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I’ll ask him out.

Rachel: Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that’s not what I meant.

Jill: No! Y’know what Rachel? You’re right, y’know he has been really nice to me.

Rachel: Yeah but, he’s not your type.

Jill: Yeah but maybe that’s a good thing. Y’know I’m doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!

Rachel: Yeah but, you don’t, you don’t, you don’t want to try to much too fast. Y’know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don’t you?

Jill: What?

Rachel: She-she died Jill.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler has fallen asleep reading a book. Monica calls from the bedroom and wakes him up.]

Monica: (still sick) Chandler!

Chandler: Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? (He gets up from the couch and goes into the bedroom to find Monica, still in the robe, lying seductively on the bed. Or at least she’s trying too and as he enters the room, she takes the robe off on of her legs.) Oh-ohhhh!

Monica: (trying to be seductive) Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.

Chandler: Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.

Monica: How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.

Chandler: I was asleep. (She takes off her robe and starts to shiver) Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.

Monica: Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I’m not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel. (Sneezes.)

Chandler: Would you please get some rest!

Monica: I’m fine. (She goes into one of those half sneezing, half-coughing fits that you get with a bad cold or flu.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is singing Happy Birthday to yet another good-looking woman. Gunther is watching and is not very happy.]

Joey: (singing) "Happy birthday to you!"

Gunther: You’re paying for that.

Joey: What? No-no it’s her birthday!

Gunther: You’ve sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!

Joey: But it really…

Gunther: You are no longer authorized to distribute birthday muffins.

Joey: Damnit! (Storms off.)

Ross: (entering) Rach? Hi!

Rachel: Hi!

Ross: Did you tell your sister to ask me out?

Rachel: Well yeah…

Ross: Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she’s cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!

Rachel: Really?!

Ross: Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"

Rachel: Oh so-so not really never.

Ross: I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we’ve been through, I just—y’know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.

Joey: (overhearing them) Oh-ho, and mine!

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is still sick and is hobbling out into the living room for some help from Chandler who’s on the couch reading.]

Monica: (entering) Chandler, I think I’m sick.

Chandler: Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!

Monica: Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest? (She hands him some of that Vicks Vap-O-Rub to put on.)

Chandler: No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.

Monica: Come on! I really need your help!

Chandler: No-no-no-no-no!

Monica: Fine, I’ll rub it on myself.

Chandler: Okay.

(To start this task, she lowers the top of her robe to reveal that she is naked from the waist up, well at least her back is, and starts to rub on the gunk. Chandler notices this, and has something start happening. I’ll let you fill in the blank here.)

Chandler: So you’re just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?

Monica: Yeah?

Chandler: It’s nice.

Monica: Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?

Chandler: Yes! (Hangs his head in shame.)

Monica: I can’t believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?

Chandler: It’s all very, very good. (She covers up and sits down.) So you wanna go uh, mix it up?

Monica: Not now, I’m sick!

Chandler: Oh come on you big faker!

Monica: What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?

Chandler: Well that was before all the vaporizing action.

Monica: Okay, if you really wanna have sex…

Chandler: Okay! (Runs into the bedroom.)

Monica: Worked like a charm.

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is there as Jill enters to start her date with Ross.]

Jill: (entering) Hi!

Rachel: Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?

Jill: This is where Ross and I are meeting for our date. So, what do you think? (She spins to show Rachel the outfit she’s wearing.)

Rachel: Well, I-I don’t like it.

Jill: Really?!

Rachel: It’s kinda slutty.

Jill: It’s yours!

Rachel: Yeah well, I’m-I’m a slut.

Jill: (laughs) Me too.

Ross: (entering) Hi Jill!

Jill: Hey!

Ross: Hi (sees Rachel and forgets her name for a moment).

Rachel: Rachel.

Ross: Rachel! Well, you-you’re not at home, you’re-you’re-you’re right here.

Rachel: Yeah I know, and I bet you thought it would be weird. But it’s not!

(There’s an awkward silence.)

Ross: Okay. So well I’ll umm, (To Rachel) I’ll have her home by midnight.

(Rachel laughs a little too hard as Ross and Jill leave for their date. After they have left, Rachel starts to break down.)

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel enters and walks quickly over to the window to watch Ross’s apartment. We see that Ross’s apartment is empty.]

Rachel: Why aren’t you home yet?!

Monica: (calling from the bathroom) Is someone there?

Rachel: Oh yes, it’s me! Sorry!

Chandler: (calling from the bathroom) What are you doing here?

Rachel: Uh, I’m just, I’m just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?

Chandler: We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places.

(We see that Ross is returning to his apartment with Jill.)

Rachel: (gasps) Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.

Monica: (entering with Chandler) Who? (She looks out the window at Ross’s apartment) Is that your sister?

Rachel: Ugh, she is a slut!

Monica: God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!

Rachel: Oh my God, look-look he’s taking off her clothes!

Chandler: He’s taking off her coat!

(We see that Ross is taking off Jill’s coat.)

Rachel: Oh, this is just terrible.

Monica: Oh no it’s not, no it’s not. It’s a first date. I’m sure that nothing is gonna…(as she is talking we see Ross close his drapes.)

Rachel: Oh. (Squeaks again.)

Chandler: Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some! (Rachel looks at him.) Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, he’s closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. (Pause) Well, I’m off to bed! (Goes to bed.)

To Be Continued

Ending Credits

(There is no credits scene, just a preview of the next couple of episodes.)

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is still looking out the window as Joey enters.]

Joey: (sees Rachel) Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait, I don’t have to lie to you, you don’t live here anymore. Uh, I’m eating their food. What are you doing?

Rachel: Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.

Joey: Whoa, I didn’t know we could date your sister!

(Chandler and Monica enter from their room and Joey quickly hides the bag of potato chips behind his back.)

Monica: Joey we know you steal our food.

(Joey offers them some potato chips.)

Chandler: I’m good.

Monica: (To Rachel) Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?

Rachel: Yeah. And y’know who should’ve shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.

Chandler: (looking) Is that a swing?

Rachel: Oh don’t even ask!

Chandler: Yuck!

Joey: I can’t believe Ross went out with Rachel’s sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.

Chandler: That was like 5 years ago.

Joey: Yeah you got 5 years left!

Chandler: Joey…

Joey: You wanna make it 6?!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is on the couch reading as Rachel enters. It’s the next day.]

Rachel: Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!

Ross: Hey!

Rachel: (to Gunther) I’ll take a coffee. (To Ross) So how was your big date last night?

Ross: Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.

Rachel: Yeah fun? Great! So uh, so did you guys hit it off?

Ross: I guess so.

Rachel: So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!

Ross: No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.

Rachel: Oh, slides. (Laughs.) So really nothing happened.

Ross: Something could’ve happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.

Rachel: Right. Was it the, "Please don’t show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"

Ross: Anyway, if she, if she wasn’t in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?

Rachel: She asked-asked you out again?

Ross: Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine’s Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.

Rachel: Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can’t! I can’t! I can’t! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can’t. It’s just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can’t do it! I can’t do it.

Ross: (while Rachel is finishing her rant) Okay! Okay! Okay! It’s okay. (Rachel stops.) It’s okay. Hey, it’s too weird for you, I won’t see her again.

Rachel: Thank you. I…yeah.

Ross: I mean after tomorrow night.

Rachel: No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can’t! I can’t do it! (Starts to freak out.) It’s just gonna freak me out!!!

Ross: Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I’ll-I’ll tell her tonight I can’t see her anymore.

Rachel: Ross thanks.

Ross: You want me to call her right now?

Rachel: Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that’s-that’s crazy—I mean that’s crazy. So what’s-what’s going on with you? What is going on with you?

Ross: Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!

Rachel: Yeah do it now, call right now.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Joey are watching ET.]

Monica: (crying) This is my favorite part.

Phoebe: (crying) Yeah me too.

(We see the TV and it’s the last scene where ET is saying goodbye.)

Phoebe: Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.

Chandler: (totally not crying) Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!

Joey: (crying) You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died?

Chandler: Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!

Monica: Chandler there’s nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don’t have to be so macho all the time.

Chandler: I’m not macho.

Monica: Yeah you’re right. I don’t know what I was thinking.

Chandler: No, I guess I just never really cried. Y’know? I’m not a crying kind of guy.

Joey: Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?

Chandler: I’d be sad sure, but I wouldn’t cry.

Joey: Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."

Chandler: Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I’m rich!

Monica: Oh, I’ve got it! I have got it! (Gets up and gets something from the dresser underneath the TV.) Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!

(Chandler starts paging through the album.)

Phoebe: All right, what’s going on there? (Points to a picture.)

Chandler: Oh, that’s Parent’s Day, first grade. That’s me with the janitor Martin.

Monica: Where were your parents?

Chandler: Oh they didn’t want to come!

Phoebe: Oh Chandler!

Monica: Poor thing!

Phoebe: So that story doesn’t make you cry?

Chandler: No! Look, I don’t cry! It’s not a big deal! Okay?!

Joey: No! It’s not okay! It’s not okay at all!! You’re dead inside!!

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is putting away her guitar as a man approaches.]

The Fan: Excuse me.

Phoebe: Yeah?

The Fan: Are you Phoebe Buffay?

Phoebe: Yeah.

The Fan: Can-can I get your autograph, I’m your biggest fan. (Holds out a napkin and a pen.)

Phoebe: Oh you’re my biggest fan? I’ve always wanted to meet you! Hi! (Shakes his hand.) Sure! Yeah! (Signs the autograph)

The Fan: Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you’re really talented.

Phoebe: You’re just saying that because you’re my biggest fan. (The fan leaves and Joey approaches.) (To Joey) Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? (Points) He’s a fan. (To the fan as she’s leaving) Bye! (Exits)

Joey: (to the fan) So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?

The Fan: I have no idea what you’re talking about. But I, but I just got Phoebe Buffay’s autograph!

Joey: Oh, you’re Phoebe’s fan!

The Fan: Oh yeah! I’ve seen all her movies.

Joey: Movies?

The Fan: That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.

Joey: (laughs) I don’t think so.

The Fan: No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren’t gonna believe this! (Exits.)

Joey: Hey Gunther, don’t let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe’s a porn star!

Gunther: Well, I wouldn’t call her a star, but she’s really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.

[Scene: Central Perk, time lapse, Rachel is at the counter as Jill enters.]

Jill: Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Jill: You’ll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn’t even tell me why!

Rachel: Ohhh well. Y’know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He’s a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.

Jill: Y’know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I’m not gonna date some random guy from your work.

Rachel: It’s not random, it’s Bob.

Jill: It’s probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn’t like the way I dress—No that can’t be it. It’s really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I’m so stupid! I’m just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!

Rachel: No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.

Jill: You asked him too?!

Rachel: Hm-mmm.

Jill: Why?!

Rachel: Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge history…

Jill: I don’t understand, do you want to go out with Ross?

Rachel: No.

Jill: You don’t want him, but you don’t want me to have him?

Rachel: (changing the subject) Y’know Bob in Human Resources…

Jill: Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! (Gasps) You had me doubting my fashion sense!

Rachel: Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don’t date Ross! There’s a million other guys out there, you just…

Jill: Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.

Rachel: I’m not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to do!

Jill: Why are you so jealous of me?

Rachel: Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can’t have!

Jill: Can’t have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can’t have is dairy! (Starts to storm out.)

Rachel: All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!

Jill: Who?!

Rachel: In Human Resources!!!!!!

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is ranting about Jill to Chandler and Monica.]

Rachel: …I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!

Monica: You’re jealous of Princess Caroline?

Rachel: Do I have my own castle?

(Joey and Ross enter.)

Ross: Hey! Uh, Phoebe’s not here is she?

Rachel: No.

Monica: (noticing the bag Joey’s carrying) Oh great! Did you get a movie?

Joey: Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don’t think it’s the kind you’re gonna like.

Chandler: You didn’t get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?

(Joey and Ross exchange looks.)

Joey: Sort of…

Monica: Guys, what’s going on?

Joey: (holds up the movie) Phoebe’s a porn star!

All: What?!!

(They all run over to Joey and Ross, Chandler grabs the movie and reads the title.)

Chandler: Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.

Rachel: Oh my God!

Monica: That’s Phoebe! Where did you get that?

Joey: Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.

Ross: And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn’t know he was in there. (They all kinda look at him.)

Rachel: Wow! I mean, I just—I can’t, I can’t believe this. Y’know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who’s always been somewhat of a question mark.

Monica: This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y’know she had such a terrible childhood.

Chandler: Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don’t do porn.

Monica: Yes, but you are dead inside.

Joey: All right well, I’d better take that back.

Monica: Wh-what, why?

Joey: We can’t watch that! I mean that’s Phoebe!

Monica: Yeah you’re right, we can’t—we shouldn’t watch this.

Rachel: Absolutely not.

Monica: (hands the tape back to Joey, but doesn’t let him grab it) Y’know maybe a little bit!

Rachel: Probably just the first half.

Joey: No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe’s our friend! Well, I’m not gonna watch it!

Ross: Yeah! Good for you Joe!

Joey: Yeah.

(Ross stands next to him for a second, then goes and watches the movie.)

(The movie starts, it’s a vampire’s lair and Buffay, The Vampire Layer enters dressed in leather and carrying a wooden stake. Suddenly, the vampire opens his coffin and sits up.

Buffay, the Vampire Layer: Ah, I thought I’d find you here, Nasforatool.

The Vampire: Buffay, are you going to plunge your stake into my dark places?

Buffay, the Vampire Layer: Actually, I was kinda hoping it would be the other way around.

(At this point, Buffay, the Vampire Layer and Nasforatool start to get it on. Of course, since this is network TV, we can only see the reactions of the gang to the film playing off screen.)

Monica: Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?

Chandler: Her ankle is what you’re watching?

Rachel: Well it’s hard to tell… (Rachel gets up to get a closer look, only she’s having some trouble.) Oh God, if she would just stop moving.

Chandler: She’s just doing her job!

Joey: (sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!

Rachel: Oh, it’s a tattoo! That’s weird, Phoebe doesn’t… Wait that’s Ursula! That’s not Phoebe that is Ursula!

(Upon hearing this, Joey can’t turn his chair around fast enough and knocks it over.)

Joey: Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!

Phoebe: (entering) Hey! What’s up? (Sees the TV) Oh my God! What am I doing?!!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is reading Chicken Soup for the Soul as Monica enters.]

Monica: Hey sweetie!

Chandler: Hey! (He quickly tries to hide the book by throwing it under the couch, only the couch has no back and it slides into the kitchen.)

Monica: (picking up the book) Chicken Soup for the Soul?

Chandler: There’s no back to this couch!

Monica: Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.

Chandler: Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y’know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn’t think I was y’know, all dead inside.

Monica: Oh that’s so sweet! Look Chandler I don’t care if you can’t cry, I love you.

Chandler: Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.

Monica: Stop it!

Chandler: No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the altar and I’m like this. (Makes a bored face.)

Monica: I won’t care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here. (Points to her heart.)

Chandler: Yeah?

Monica: Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don’t cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won’t matter to me.

Chandler: Okay, well I won’t uh, worry about this anymore then.

Monica: And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can’t shed one tiny tear, I know you’ll be crying a river inside.

Chandler: Aww, I love you so…

Monica: What is wrong with you?!!!

Chandler: What?!

Monica: What?! You can’t shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!

Chandler: So you didn’t mean any of that?!

Monica: No you robot!!

[Scene: Ross's apartment, his doorbell is ringing and he’s running to answer it while doing up his pants.]

Ross: You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to… (Opens the door to find Jill standing there.) Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that’s just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they’ve really taken a liking to me. (Quickly looks out to see if they’re watching.) Uhh what’s-what’s-what’s the matter?

Jill: Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we’re not supposed to see each other anymore and I’m okay with that, it’s just that I don’t know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.

Ross: Of course, what happened? (Lets her in.)

Jill: (entering) I don’t want to talk about it.

Ross: Okay, umm…

Jill: But you know what might really cheer me up?

Ross: What?

Jill: Seeing some more of your super-cool slides.

Ross: Wow! Really?!

Jill: Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.

Ross: Well, I’d love to! Here, you wait right here and I’ll go get the projector and my notes!

Jill: Oh great! Thanks Ross, you’re such a good friend!

Ross: Ohh!

(He goes into another room to get his projector and notes. While he’s gone, Jill quickly checks her makeup.

[Cut to Monica and Chandler’s, Rachel is entering.]

Rachel: Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can’t find her anywhere.

Monica: No, I haven’t.

Rachel: Well, is Ross home? Maybe I’ll just call him to see if he’s actually seen her.

(She goes to look out the window at Ross’s apartment and sees Jill staring at her and closing the drapes with an evil look on her face. Rachel is stunned into silence.)

[Scene: Ursula’s apartment, Phoebe is going to confront her twin about her new porn career.]

Ursula: Who is it?

Phoebe: It’s Phoebe! Phoebe!

(Ursula opens the door and is all dressed up with big hair and lingerie.)

Ursula: Hey!

Phoebe: (seeing her dress) Oh God. So-so you’re making porn movies.

Ursula: No I’m not.

(Someone calls out from her apartment.)

Man’s Voice: We’re still rolling!

Phoebe: You’re making one right now!

Another Man’s Voice: Let’s go Phoebe!

Phoebe: And-and you’re using my name!

Ursula: Yeah, can I help you with something?

Same Man’s Voice: Phoebe, come on!

Phoebe: Look, I’m talking right now! You’re—you mean her.

Ursula: Y’know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.

Phoebe: What?!

Ursula: Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.

Phoebe: No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! (Yells into the apartment) And shame on all of you! You’re disgusting! Especially you (points to someone) with that! (Storms away.)

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is setting up for the slide show.]

Ross: Slides are almost ready.

Jill: Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!

Ross: Uh okay, well there’s-there’s wine in the kitchen.

Jill: Oh great! (Goes to get it as the phone rings.)

Ross: (answering it) Hello?

Rachel: (on phone) What is my sister doing there?! And why are the drapes shut?!

Ross: O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she’s really upset we’re just talking.

Rachel: Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!

Ross: So that’s the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn’t have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I’m a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!

Rachel: Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!

Ross: Y’know what? I think I can take care of myself, I’ll talk to you later. Good-bye. (Hangs up the phone and turns to find Jill sitting really close to him.) Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you’re just using me.

Jill: So? (Kisses him passionately.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is reading a paper as Phoebe enters.]

Phoebe: Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Phoebe: So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.

Joey: Oh no, not you too!

Phoebe: No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay’s checks; there were a lot of them.

Joey: Nice!

Phoebe: Um-mmm, and I won’t have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.

Joey: That’s great, but isn’t it gonna bother that people still think you’re a porn star?

Phoebe: Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.

Joey: You do?

Phoebe: Yeah. (She notices some guy putting a coat on his girlfriend is trying to remember where he’s seen her before.) (To him) You’re trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I’ll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? (He tries to rush his girlfriend out.) Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! (To Joey) See?

Joey: Yeah.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, time lapse, Ross is entering. Chandler and Monica are at the kitchen table. Rachel is on the couch reading.]

Chandler: Hey.

Ross: (To Rachel) You uh, you may have been right about Jill.

Rachel: Oh! I knew it! What happened?

Ross: Umm, she kissed me.

Rachel: What?! You kissed!

Chandler: (To Monica) Maybe we should give them some privacy.

Monica: (To Chandler) Shhhh!!!

Ross: Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?

Rachel: Well, it doesn’t sound like it! I mean, it’s pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don’t kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!

Ross: Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn’t stop it. I guess I-I just wasn’t thinking…

Rachel: Yeah that’s right you weren’t thinking! Y’know what? Let me give you something to think about! (She pulls up her sleeves and steps towards him.)

Ross: Oh wait—hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.

Rachel: Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister’s mouth long enough to tell me that.

Ross: Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!

Rachel: What?!

Ross: No, I mean, look I don’t know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don’t want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.

Rachel: Wow. I, I don’t even know what to say. Thank you. (Gently kicks him.)

Ross: You’re welcome. (Gently kicks her back.)

(Chandler starts crying.)

Monica: Oh my God! Are-are you crying?

Chandler: (crying hysterically) I just don’t see why those two can’t work things out!

Ending Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Jill enters.]

Jill: All right, I’m leaving! Because I’m not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. That’s you Rachel!

Rachel: Yeah, I got that.

Jill: (To Ross) And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?

Ross: You take care Jill.

Jill: (happily) Okay, see ya! (Exits.)

Rachel: Bye-bye-e!

Monica: Bye.

Chandler: (starts crying) I-I can’t believe Jill’s gone. (They all look at him.) I can’t help it, I opened a gate.

[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!

Monica: Oh my God!

Phoebe: Wow!

Joey: (To Ross) What is the matter with you?!

Phoebe: No! Barry and Mindy.

Joey: Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. (To Rachel) Who-who’s Barry and Mindy?

Rachel: Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.

Joey: Ohh-oh, wasn’t he cheating on you with her?

Rachel: Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.

Monica: Why did they get divorced?

Rachel: Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad? (Giggles.) God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?

Ross: I know what you mean, I’ve always wondered how different my life would be if-if I’d never gotten divorced.

Phoebe: Which time?

Ross: The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn’t realized she was a lesbian.

Joey: (starts to imagine it) I can’t. I keep seeing it the good way.

Ross: I’d bet I’d still be doing my kara-tay. (That’s karate, he’s just saying it that way.) Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y’know, not doing anything else physical.

Chandler: Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.

Monica: And what if I was still fat? (To Chandler) Well, you wouldn’t be dating me, that’s for sure.

Chandler: Sure I would!

All: (simultaneously) Oh yeah! Come on! Yeah right!

Chandler: What, you guys really think that I’m that shallow?

Ross: No, I just think Monica was that fat.

Joey: Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! (Closes his eyes to do so.) Oh-hey, there’s Carol again!

Chandler: What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job’s fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don’t have to wear a tie.

Phoebe: What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?

Ross: What?!

Rachel: Merrill Lynch?

Phoebe: Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.

Rachel: Well why didn’t you take the job?

Phoebe: Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if I’d work with stocks, I’d have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.

Ross: Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we’d still hang out?

Opening Credits

{Transcriber’s note: This is where the opening credits are, but they’re not the usual opening credits. Oh no! These credits are based on the world that would have been created had all of the above actually happened. It starts out with all of them at the fountain sitting on the couch as Fat Monica runs up and sits on the arm of the couch, tilting the whole thing towards her. It then goes on to show Rachel’s still a shop-aholic and with Barry. Fat Monica is sweating while cooking and dancing while eating a donut. Phoebe as the Wall Street shark smoking while on two cell phones. Then they’re dancing in the fountain. Joey entering as Dr. Drake Remoray and meeting a groupie. Chandler trying to write as a bird does its business on his shoulder and falling asleep while typing. Ross doing some kara-tay and trying to get Carol into bed. And finally, some more dancing in the fountain, them all flexing, and the turning out the lamp and shutting off all the lights bit from the first season. Just remember one thing, this is an alternate universe. Everything from every other episode doesn’t apply, for instance, Ross and Rachel have no history. And in fact have not seen each other in years in this world.}

[Scene: A newsstand, Ross is buying a magazine and gets in line behind a woman.]

Ross: (recognizing her) Oh my God! Rachel Green?

Rachel: (gasps) Rob Tillman!

Ross: No-no. It’s-it’s me, Ross!

Rachel: Oh, I’m sorry. Ross Tillman.

Ross: No, no-no, Ross Geller.

Rachel: Ohh, of course Monica’s brother!

Ross: Yeah. Right.

Rachel: Wow! How are you?!

Ross: Good-good, I’m-I’m married. (Shows her his ring.)

Rachel: Ohh! Me too!

Ross: Is-isn’t it the best?

Rachel: Oh, it’s the best! (They both exhale contemplating the joys of marriage.) So, umm how’s Monica?

Ross: Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she’s right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.

Rachel: Ohh, I would love too.

Ross: Yeah? Oh-oh, she’d be so excited!

Rachel: Ohh! Okay!

Ross: Come on! (They start to leave.)

Rachel: Oh wait, don’t you have to pay for your, (looks at his magazine) Busty Ladies?

Ross: No, it’s okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don’t…

Rachel: (laughs) Oh yeah? Okay.

Ross: (putting the magazine back and holding the money for it) Okay.

Rachel: But! Don’t you have to give him his money back?

Ross: Uh-huh. (Steps to a random kid nearby and hands him his money.) Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. (To Rachel) Okay, let’s go see Monica!

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Fat Monica, and her boyfriend are sitting on the couch. Monica’s boyfriend is getting up to get something. For future reference, for the rest of this episode Monica’s fat, I won’t be calling her Fat Monica throughout.]

Joey: So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?

Monica: He’s not boring! He’s just-he’s just low key.

Monica's Boyfriend: (returning) Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte. (Hands it to Monica and sits down.)

Monica: Thanks.

Monica's Boyfriend: Yeah. Y’know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it’s a seed.

Joey: (not impressed) Wow!!

Monica's Boyfriend: Can anyone else name a well known seed that’s been masquerading as a nut?

Joey: Oh dear God, let me think. (Starts to sarcastically think about it.)

Chandler: (entering, depressed) Hey.

Joey: Hey.

Monica: Oh no! What’s the matter?

Chandler: Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."

Monica's Boyfriend: Y’know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.

Monica: Okay.

Monica's Boyfriend: (kisses her) Okay.

Monica: Bye.

Monica's Boyfriend: Bye-bye. (Gets up to leave.) Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut. (Exits.)

Chandler: Was his question what’s more boring than him?

Joey: Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?

Chandler: Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.

Joey: Really?

Chandler: Ehh.

Monica: Maybe Joey doesn’t have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?

Joey: That’s an idea! (To Chandler) Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?

Monica: No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!

Joey: That’s great! That would be great! Let’s do that!

Chandler: I could use the money; it could give me time to write.

Joey: Oh right great! Welcome aboard!

Chandler: Okay!

Joey: All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there, take a break!

Chandler: All right!

(As Joey goes to the bathroom, Corporate Phoebe enters. She’s wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase.)

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Hey Phoebe! Guess what?

Phoebe: What?

Monica: Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!

Phoebe: Ohh that’s so sweet! (Her cell phone rings.) Oh! Hang on! (Quickly grabs a cigarette and starts to light it as her phone rings.) Hang onnnnnn!!! (Gets the cigarette lighted and answers the phone.) (On phone.) Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it’s a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it’s okay. It’s okay, you’re allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.

(She hangs up as Ross and Rachel enter.)

Ross: Hey Mon!

Monica: Hey!

Ross: Mon, look who I ran into! (Gestures towards Rachel.)

Monica: (gets up and gasps) Oh my God! Rachel!! (Rachel is stunned to see that her long lost friend is still fat.) (Monica goes over and gives Rachel a big bear hug, which is quite easy for her.) You look terrific!

Rachel: Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight? (She’s not quite sure of that one.)

Monica: You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!

Ross: And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler. (Points to him.)

Chandler: Hey.

Rachel: Oh yeah.

Ross: And that’s Phoebe over there! (Points to her.)

Phoebe: Hi!

Monica: Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we’ve seen each other?

Ross: (answering it) 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.

Rachel: Oh yeah. Right. So now, are—do you, do you still do music?

Ross: Sometimes, you should come over (Joey returns from the bathroom) sometime! I’ll play you one of my other…

Rachel: (interrupting him and seeing Joey) Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!

Monica: Rach, he’s a friend of ours.

Rachel: (stunned) You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?

Chandler: Well it’s kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he’s not real.

Ross: (To Rachel) Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!

Rachel: He’s coming over! He’s coming over!

Monica: (getting up) Joey!

Joey: (holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats) I know, here-here!! (Hands her the plate.)

Monica: Ohhh! (Takes the plate.) No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.

Rachel: (giggles and can’t look at him) Hi!

Joey: (shaking Rachel’s hand) Hi!

Rachel: (still not quite able to look at him) Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you…

Joey: Well, it’s always nice to meet the fans.

Rachel: Ah!

Joey: (turning and whispering to Monica) She’s not crazy is she?

Monica: No.

Joey: (To Rachel) So uh, how you doin’?

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe’s cell phone rings and she goes through her little routine of lighting a cigarette before answering the phone.]

Phoebe: Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! (Answering the phone.) Go!! Who’s this? (Listens) Oh okay, you’re gonna like working for me. What’s your name? (Listens) What kind of name is Brendy? I… Whatever… Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.

Joey: (entering) Hey there you are!

Chandler: Uh-oh, it’s my boss!

Joey: All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I’m delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine! (Exits.)

Chandler: (reading the list) Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.

Monica: (laughs) You realize what you are don’t you?

Chandler: What?

Monica: You’re his bitch.

Phoebe: (yelling from Monica’s room) No-no!! No!!

Monica: (panicked) Oh wait! You didn’t just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!

Phoebe: No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.

Chandler: But the Kit-Kats are all right?!

Phoebe: What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can’t call my office they’ll kill me! I can’t call my clients they’ll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.

Monica: What?!

Phoebe: (louder) My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can’t breathe.

Chandler: Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?!

Phoebe: Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?

Monica: Yes!!

Phoebe: Then yes that is what I’m having. (Takes another puff of the cigarette.)

Monica: Oh my God!

Commercial Break

[Scene: A hospital, Phoebe is recovering from her heart attack as Ross, Monica, and Chandler are there to comfort and support her.]

Ross: Come on Pheebs, it’s not that bad! Y’know most people would be excited if they didn’t have to work for a couple of weeks.

Phoebe: Most people don’t like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I’m already going crazy. I miss Joan.

Monica: Honey, having a heart attack is nature’s way of telling you to slow it down.

Chandler: I always thought having a heart attack was nature’s way of telling you to die! (Phoebe glares at him.) But you’re not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you’re not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.

Monica: Let’s take a walk. (They start to leave.) Y’know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! (They exit.)

Phoebe: (To Ross) So what’s going on with you?

Ross: Well umm, I’ve been doing a lot more of my kara-tay.

Phoebe: Still going through that dry spell with Carol?

Ross: Yeah.

Phoebe: How long has it been since you had sex?

Ross: Well, last weekend…

Phoebe: Oh that’s not so bad.

Ross: …will be two months…

Phoebe: That is.

Ross: …since I stopped trying.

Phoebe: Maybe you need to spice things up a little.

Ross: What-what do you mean?

Phoebe: I don’t know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other…

Ross: Oh.

Phoebe: Y’know, dirty talk, m�nage � trois, toys…

Ross: Wow!

Phoebe: Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!

Ross: Okay, I think I got it.

Phoebe: Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you’re-you’re-you’re rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody’s watching! (Ross looks at her.) It never happened.

[Scene: A hospital hallway, Chandler is sitting on a gurney with his hands spread out behind his back. Then Monica comes and plops down on the gurney and one of his hands. Chandler immediately recoils in extreme pain.]

Monica: Sorry. So how’s it going with Joey?

Chandler: Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I’m with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I’m lost and I can’t find food."

Joey: (entering) Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?

Monica: Yeah! She’s right in there! (Points to Phoebe’s room.)

Joey: Oh great. (Starts to go in.) (To Chandler) Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!

[Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey is showing Rachel around the set.]

Joey: All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.

Rachel: Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?

Joey: Well, that is a large piece of television equipment. (Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.) And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!

Rachel: Hey!

Joey: All righty, what do you say we head back to my place?

Rachel: (laughs) Wow! Umm, y’know, I-I would really love to, but I-I shouldn’t.

Joey: Why? (In Drake’s voice.) Why can’t the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?

Rachel: (awestruck, then not) Isn’t that a line from the show?!

Joey: Uh, yeah but uh, (In Drake’s voice) I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.

Rachel: That’s a line from the show too!

Joey: Okay, you watch too much TV.

Chandler: (approaching) Here you go Joe, here’s the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. (Hands it to him.)

Joey: Thanks! (Looks at it.) Yeah, there’s pulp in that. (Hands it back.)

Chandler: Yeah?

Joey: I thought we talked about this. I don’t like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn’t juice. All juice, okay?

Chandler: I’m sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.

Joey: Oh my God, I’m sorry, I’m being so rude. (Turns to Rachel.) Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.

Rachel: Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.

Joey: (To Chandler) Iced tea.

Chandler: Okay, anything for you sir?

Joey: (To Rachel) Did I not just tell him?

Rachel: (mouthing it to him) Yes, you did.

Joey: (To Chandler) Okay look, Chandler, if this (Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.) you have got to listen! (Tugs on his ear.) (Chandler glares at him.) You’re gonna throw that juice at me, aren’t ya?

Chandler: It’s not all juice! (Rachel quickly gets out of the way.)

[Scene: Ross and Carol's, Ross is trying to talk to Carol about what Phoebe told him.]

Ross: So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.

Carol: Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms.

Ross: Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.

Carol: What do you mean?

Ross: Carol our sex life is—it’s just not working…

Ben: (entering) Dad!! (Runs and hugs him.)

Ross: Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don’t we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don’t you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!

Ben: Yay! (Runs off.)

Ross: Yay! (To Carol) Seriously, our sex life… I was thinking, maybe I don’t know, we could try some-some new things. Y’know? For fun?

Carol: Like what?

Ross: Well I don’t know umm, (Pause) what if we were too tie each other up? (Carol’s shocked and obviously doesn’t like that idea.) Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. (Carol doesn’t like that idea either.) Nah! Umm, y’know we-we could try dirty talk? (Carol still says no.) Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.

Carol: (quickly) I love that idea!

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is eating breakfast as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Who sold a story to Archie Comics?!

Monica: Oh my God! That’s great! Oh wow! (Hugs him.) You’re a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!

Chandler: Aww.

Monica: Wait a minute! (Quickly checks her pockets and pulls out…) My last Kit-Kat bar!

(Chandler tries to take it, but Monica won’t let go. He tugs harder, and she still doesn’t budge.)

Chandler: You wanna share it?

Monica: Okay!!

Joey: (entering) Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y’know? I mean, y’know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?

Monica: It’s not mayonnaise!!

Joey: Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here. (Hands him a cup.)

Chandler: What’s this?

Joey: Fresh squeezed orange juice, with pulp! Just the way you like it.

Chandler: Aww, thanks man. (They hug.)

Monica: Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics!

Joey: Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?!

Chandler: Oh you wouldn’t uh, care. It’s just a stupid comic book story.

Joey: Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!

Chandler: Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy (Joey laughs), uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist—as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can’t have lumps in them.

Joey: Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it!

[Scene: Central Perk, Monica is there as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?

Monica: Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!

Rachel: Ohh! And I’m one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!

Monica: Well, y’know it’s none of my business, but aren’t you married?

Rachel: Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y’know I just wish we could be like on a break!

Monica: Well, you’re not.

Rachel: Oh, it’s so easy for you I mean, you’re not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!

Monica: Yeah I can! (Laughs) And don’t think I don’t, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha! (Laughs.)

Rachel: Monica. You’ve, you’ve done it right?

Monica: (giggles) Of course I have! What do you think, I’m some 30 year old virgin?

Rachel: Oh my God! You’re a 30 year old virgin!

Monica: Say it louder, I don’t think the guy all the way in the back heard you!

Guy All the Way in the Back: Yeah, I heard it.

Monica: It’s not like, I haven’t any opportunities. I mean, y’know, I’m just waiting for the perfect guy. I’m seeing this guy Roger, all right? He’s not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y’know, give him my flower.

Rachel: Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you’ve waited long enough!!

Monica: Y’know what? You are right?!

Rachel: Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn’t be all this rules and restrictions! Y’know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever…

Monica: Rachel! I’m never gonna think it’s okay for you to cheat on your husband!

Rachel: Oh what do you know? Virgin!

[Scene: The hospital, Ross and Monica are in Phoebe’s room. Phoebe is in the bathroom and Monica notices smoke coming out from underneath the door.]

Monica: Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!

Phoebe: Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects.

Monica: Phoebe! Put that cigarette out!

Phoebe: No! It’s not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me!

Monica: Put it out!!

Phoebe: Okay! Okay! (Puts it out and comes out of the bathroom.) I’m so glad you’re here.

Ross: Come on. (Helps her into bed as her phone rings.) I got it.

Phoebe: Oh, give it to me.

Ross: I got it!

Phoebe: Give it!

(He does a kara-tay move to silence her, then answers the phone.)

Ross: (on the phone) Hello? (Listens.) No she can’t come to the phone right now. (Listens.) Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye. (Hangs up.)

Phoebe: Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!

Ross: J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.

Phoebe: Thank God.

Ross: (To Monica) Yeah, she’s fired.

[Scene: Rachel and Barry’s bedroom, Rachel is watching Days of Our Lives. Of course it’s a Dr. Drake Remoray scene. It’s set in a hospital room, and Dr. Wesley and a nurse are talking about a female patient with a bandage around her head.]

Nurse: You’ve done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go.

Dr. Wesley: Good-bye and God speed, Hope Brady.

(He goes to turn off a machine. Suddenly, Dr. Drake Remoray appears at the door with two cops!)

Dr. Drake Remoray: Not so fast Wesley! (Rachel does a silent clap.)

Dr. Wesley: (with evil dripping off his tongue) Remoray!

Dr. Drake Remoray: That’s right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you’re not a real doctor! And that woman’s brain, is fine!

Rachel: (very relived) Oh! Thank God!

[Cut back to the TV, the cops are leading Dr. Wesley out, and as they pass Remoray and Wesley exchange evil glances.]

Dr. Drake Remoray: Hope! Hope!

Hope: (sleepily) Drake!

Dr. Drake Remoray: You’re not dying Hope, you’re gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.

Hope: Oh Drake.

[Drake and Hope kiss.]

Rachel: Okay! (She picks up the phone, Joey’s phone number, and starts to dial.) Here we go! Okay! (On phone.) Hi, Joey! It’s Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.

Commercial Break

{Transcriber’s Note: This is where Part II begins, which means this is now episode 616.}

[Scene: Ross and Carol's, Carol is working on something at the table and Ross is reading a newspaper on the couch.]

Ross: So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find…

Carol: Ooh, actually I’ve been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this!

Ross: Oh. (He takes the notepad she was using and looks at it.) Wow! (Flips to another page.) Huh. (Flips another page.) Boy! (Flips another page.) Well, someone’s been doing their homework. (Flips two more pages.)

Carol: Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so…

Ross: Oh, I know. (Laughs) Y’know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda…

Carol: Oh, me too.

Ross: Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben’s asleep.

Carol: Oh umm, y’know I think it would be better if we just save it.

Ross: Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that. (Gets up and does a little kara-tay.)

[Scene: The hospital, Chandler and Monica are there with Phoebe as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey, Pheebs!

Phoebe: Hey.

Ross: Hey, how’s it going?

Phoebe: Well, I’ve got to get out of this bed, I’m going crazy here. Crazy!

Monica: (handing her a cup) Here you go sweetie.

Phoebe: What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!

Monica: But, I put some honey in it.

(Phoebe mocks what Monica just said. Ross pulls Chandler aside.)

Ross: She doesn’t know she was fired yet, does she?

Chandler: No, the doctors say it may kill her.

Phoebe: What are you two girls whispering about over there?!

Chandler: (To Ross) But I think we should tell her.

Ross: Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.

Phoebe: Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here! (Points at Ross.)

Chandler: Listen Phoebe, he’s right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.

Phoebe: I know! But if I didn’t work there, what else would I do?

Monica: Well, you used to like playing the guitar.

Phoebe: Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!

Chandler: Uh, what about y’know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.

Phoebe: Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change—ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!

[Scene: Joey's apartment, (The one he had when he was Dr. Drake Remoray, because he still is.) Rachel is there and admiring the big ceramic fake dog.]

Rachel: Ohh, I mean it’s just so realistic!

Joey: I know. (Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You’ll have to see it to know what I mean.) Yeah, his name is Pat.

Rachel: Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!! (Laughs and finishes her drink.)

Joey: (climbing down from his chair) Do you uh, do you—ready for a refill?

Rachel: Oh, I probably shouldn’t—so I will! (Joey starts making her refill and Rachel notices that rain thing Joey has.) Oh! Wow! It’s like it’s raining!

Joey: Pretty cool, huh? But if you’re thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn’t get sucked up into the mechanism, well you’d be wrong.

Rachel: Umm, can I use your bathroom?

Joey: It’s uh, right through there. (Points.)

Rachel: Okay. (Starts to go.) God y’know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani’s apartment…

Joey: Yeah, life’s pretty great isn’t it?

Rachel: Yeah, it sure is!

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is pouring wine for her boyfriend, Dr. Roger.]

Monica: I hope you’re hungry, we’re starting with oysters. And y’know what they say about oysters, don’t you?

Dr. Roger: They have parasites?

Monica: No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac.

Dr. Roger: What people?

Monica: People! People say it! Come here! (She grabs him and kisses him.)

Dr. Roger: So oysters, huh?

Monica: And then we’re gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands.

Dr. Roger: Y’know, it’s funny, but when we were studying communicable diseases…

Monica: No-no-no, no! It’s sensual!

Dr. Roger: Ohh! Didn’t know! Okay!

Monica: Okay! (They kiss again and his beeper goes off.) Ohhh no!

Dr. Roger: I’m sorry sweetie, it’s the hospital. The food looks great, maybe save me some?

Monica: I can’t promise anything. (She starts to dig in.)

[Scene: Ross and Carol's, Ross and Carol are waiting anxiously for their new partner to arrive.]

Ross: We’re really gonna do this, huh?

Carol: Looks like it.

Ross: Y’know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at… (A knock on the door interrupts him.)

Carol: (jumping up to get it) I got it!

Ross: Okay.

Carol: (opening the door) Susan! Hi! (Who’d you think it was gonna be?)

Susan: Hey! (They hug.)

Carol: Thank you so much for coming.

Susan: Oh, I wouldn’t miss it for the world.

(They start moving towards the bedroom, never taking their eyes off each other. They move past Ross and stop.)

Ross: I’m-I’m Ross by the way.

Susan: (not taking her eyes off Carol) Hello Ross. (Takes off her coat and hands it to him.) I love what you’ve done with this space.

Carol: Thank you so much.

(They disappear into the bedroom leaving Ross standing in the living room holding Susan’s coat.)

Ross: How hot is this?!

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Chandler and Monica are eating Monica’s dinner.]

Chandler: I’m sorry you’re here with me instead of Roger.

Monica: Yeah, me too.

Chandler: Well, I could make it seem like he’s here. (Imitates him.) "Here’s some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn’t add the second cous until 1979." (Mumbles something further.)

Monica: Stop it!! That’s not funny!!

Chandler: Okay.

Monica: I’m sorry, okay? It just—tonight was supposed to be y’know, it was supposed to be a big deal.

Chandler: What was tonight?

Monica: You don’t want to know what tonight was.

Chandler: Okay. (Pause.) What was tonight?

Monica: Well, tonight was—was going to be my first time.

Chandler: With Roger? (Monica shyly looks away.) Not just with Roger?! (Monica shrugs.) Oh my God!

Monica: All right relax Mr. I’ve Had Sex Four Times!

Chandler: Four different women! I’ve had sex way more times!

Monica: How many?

Chandler: Nine.

Monica: I was just waiting for the perfect guy.

Chandler: Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?

Monica: No. He’s not a horrible guy.

Chandler: Hey that’s what I tell girls about me.

Monica: Chandler, I’m gonna die a virgin!

Chandler: No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.

Monica: Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?

Chandler: Okay. (They both realize what he just said.)

Monica: I was kidding.

Chandler: So was I.

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Rachel is now three sheets to the wind and Joey is watching her.]

Rachel: Joey, you’re such an amazing actor! (He smiles.) How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?

Joey: Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.

Rachel: Wow! Tell me something Joey—(She falls off the couch)—Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.

Joey: Yeah you did.

Rachel: Okay. (She climbs back onto the couch.)

Joey: Here you go. Let me ask you a question.

Rachel: Yeah?

Joey: When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?

Rachel: Wow! I can’t, I can’t feel my hands.

Joey: Come, come here.

(He takes her hands in his and kisses each one, then kisses her on the lips. When the break the kiss, Rachel starts to get nauseous and throw up. Joey backs away in horror.)

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, continued from earlier. Monica and Chandler are still discussing the previous question.]

Chandler: We can’t do this.

Monica: No! (They both laugh.) Oyster?

Chandler: Yeah! (Takes it.) If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y’know? Because you’ve been waiting a very long time and I wouldn’t want to disappoint you.

Monica: Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you’re horrible, how would I know?

Chandler: I do like that.

Monica: It’s harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!

Chandler: Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?

Monica: Absolutely! It would just be one friend (Points at Chandler) helping out another friend. (Points at herself.)

Chandler: Stop it! We’re doing this! Let’s do it!

Monica: Noo!! Okay!!

Chandler: Okay! (They both get up.)

Monica: Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?

Chandler: I have some moves.

Monica: I have no moves. (He moves in to kiss her and she laughs and backs away.) Okay, whatcha doin’ there?! (Giggles.) Oh y’know what? I’m sorry, this is just too weird.

Chandler: Yeah, let’s just forget it.

Monica: What if I turn out the lights? (Runs to shut them off.)

Chandler: Okay!

(She turns out the lights and in the darkened room Chandler starts to moan.)

Chandler: Oh yeah.

Monica: Chandler?

Chandler: (sexily) Yeah?

Monica: That’s the couch.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica’s bedroom, she has just lost her flower to Chandler.]

Chandler: Oh my God!

Monica: I know! I’ll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!

Chandler: Oh, okay! (He rolls over to do that again.)

[Scene: Joey's apartment, the next morning, Rachel is passed out on the couch.]

Joey: (entering) Morning!

Rachel: (wakes up suddenly and realizes where she is) Oh right.

Joey: Yeah.

Rachel: (groans) Oh God. Oh I can’t believe Joey Tribbiani heard me throw up!

Joey: Well he actually saw you a little bit too.

Rachel: Noo! Oh God we did—we didn’t, we didn’t uhh…

Joey: No! No! No, not after seeing that.

Rachel: God I’m just a horrible person.

Joey: Wh-why?

Rachel: Because I’m married. That’s right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star’s apartment to have an affair! Uck!

Joey: That’s ridiculous! I’m not a "Star," just a regular famous actor.

Rachel: Yeah and I’m a horrible, horrible person.

Joey: Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me…

Rachel: The ring from the cave, yeah.

Joey: Wow! Uh okay, well uh… (He gets up, opens a drawer, and pulls out the ring.)

Rachel: (seeing the ring and gasping) Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!

Joey: Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.

Rachel: No! No-no-no…

Joey: Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you’ve had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn’t. And that’s what this ring stands for.

Rachel: But I thought that ring stood for Caprice’s undying love for her brother.

Joey: Look, do you want the ring or not?!

Rachel: Yeah!

[Scene: Phoebe’s hospital room, Joey and Ross enter as Phoebe comes out of the bathroom wearing her robe.]

Ross: Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Ross: Look at you! You’re up!

Joey: All right!

Phoebe: I thought I’d try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I’ll be back soon.

Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa! You’re not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?

Phoebe: No. I’ve learned my lesson.

(She goes out into the hall and when she’s there and the door is closed; she rips off her robe to reveal her work clothes.)

Phoebe: Let’s go! Come on! Move it! (Grabs her coat.) Come on! (To an old man who’s holding her shoes and briefcase.) Shoes! Briefcase! (Takes them both.) Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder. (She leaves.)

[Cut back to her room, Joey and Ross are sitting there waiting for her.]

Ross: Hey Joe did… Did you ever have a threesome?

Joey: (not quite sure of how to answer that) Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol’s great and I’m sure you’re a very attractive man, but I….

Ross: No! The reason I’m asking is that… I sorta had one last night.

Joey: You?

Ross: Yeah!

Joey: Wow!

Ross: Yeah!

Joey: All right! So, was it amazing?

Ross: It was, it was okay.

Joey: Just okay—Did you do it right?!

Ross: Look, it’s just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren’t here?"

Joey: Huh. But still Ross, you’re worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y’know what I mean?

Ross: Oh-oh, absolutely!

(They both laugh.)

Ross: It’s just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.

Joey: But you got to be with both of them, right?

Ross: Not-not really. Th-th-there was just Carol.

Joey: Not the other one?

Ross: No, she kept kicking me away!

Joey: Yeah, you don’t want that.

Ross: No!

Joey: Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right?

Ross: Oh I a lot of stuff!

Joey: You got a little bored?

Ross: A little. Yeah. I made a snack.

Joey: Yeah? What did ya have?

Ross: Just a sandwich. Turkey, a little mustard…

Joey: Sounds good.

Ross: It really was!

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is making a sandwich as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Chandler: Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!

Monica: Hey, check me out, I’m a slut!

Chandler: So you uh, want to do something tonight?

Monica: Oh I can’t. Dr. Roger is coming over again.

Chandler: Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you’re still seeing him and uh, he’s a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when… (He fakes falling asleep.)

Monica: Are you okay?

Chandler: Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?

Monica: Great! It’s so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I’m all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"

Chandler: I bet he can.

Monica: Y’know, I don’t have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. (He laughs halfheartedly) Are you sure you’re okay?

Chandler: Oh yeah! Yeah! Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine! (Does a kara-tay move.)

[Scene: Rachel and Barry’s bedroom, Rachel is returning from her disastrous attempt at an affair to find that Barry was much, much more successful with his.]

Rachel: Ohh! My God! Barry!!

Barry: You-you-you said you were gonna be away all weekend!

Rachel: Oh that’s right! I’m sorry! I-I am early! Finish! Please!!

[Scene: Phoebe’s office, she is arriving without the knowledge that she’s been fired.]

Phoebe: Surprise! Look who’s back!

Arthur: Hey Pheebs!

Phoebe: Hey!

Arthur: (To another coworker) Call security. (To Phoebe) Pheebs, didn’t you get fired?

Phoebe: Uh, I don’t think so!

Jack: Phoebe?

Phoebe: Jack!! Hey!

Jack: What are you doing here?

Phoebe: All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?

Jack: Well, you were fired.

Phoebe: Nu-uh!

Jack: I told that guy who answered your phone.

Phoebe: Oh, okay I didn’t get that message. So this doesn’t count—Anyway, I’ll be in my office.

Jack: Uh, Phoebe you-you don’t have an office.

Phoebe: That’s all right, I’ll work here. This is goo, next to this plant. (She picks a place in the lobby next to a plant.)

Jack: (approaches her) Phoebe, listen…

Phoebe: You’re in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake…

Jack: You lost 13 million dollars.

Phoebe: Oh, so this is all about money! Y’know it’s bad enough that—Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!

Jack: Are you all right?

Phoebe: I’m having another heart attack!

Jack: What?!

Phoebe: I’m having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!!

Jack: Take it easy. (Sits her down.)

Phoebe: (to Arthur, he’s the guy calling 9-1-1) Dumbass!

Woman: Hey Pheebs! How’s it going?!

Phoebe: Well, they fired me and I’m having heart attack.

Woman: Wow! Well, welcome back!

Phoebe: Yeah.

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is there as Rachel storms in.]

Rachel: Hi Ross!

Ross: Hey Rachel.

Rachel: Is Joey Tribbiani here?

Ross: Umm, no.

Rachel: Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I’m looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!

Ross: That-that’s always good news. Are you okay?

Rachel: Me? I’m great! I’m fine! I’m sooo good!! But, you know who’s not great?! Men! You’re a man right Ross?!

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: Sit down!

Ross: Okay. (He does so.)

Rachel: Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we’re going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor’s dog walker?!

Ross: We’re sorry.

Rachel: No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?

Ross: Didn’t you spend last night at Joey’s?

Rachel: Aw what are you?! A detective?

Ross: Look I-I don’t know what’s going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.

Rachel: Oh. (Doesn’t believe it.)

Ross: Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!

Rachel: Who are these men?

Ross: Men. I guy I know.

Rachel: Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is (whispers) gay.

Ross: She is not… (Realizes) She’s gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can’t believe this.

Rachel: Good day for married people huh?

Ross: I’m sorry your husband cheated on you.

Rachel: I’m sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren’t that great either.

Ross: Try telling my wife that.

[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is blowing out a candle as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: (sticking his head in the door) Okay to come in?

Monica: Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.

Chandler: Yeah I know, guess who beeped him?

Monica: What?!

Chandler: I’m the ruptured spleen. (Laughs.)

Monica: Why would you do that?

Chandler: Because you shouldn’t be with him. (Pause.) You should be with me.

Monica: Really?

Chandler: Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don’t just happen. Y’know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y’know I was just lying there and I couldn’t wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y’know with a friend.

Monica: Chandler!

Chandler: I know you probably don’t want to go out with me, y’know because I make too many jokes and I’ve never been in a serious relationship and I guess I’m not technically a "doctor…"

(Monica runs over and kisses him.)

Monica: There was just one woman, wasn’t there?

Chandler: No, there were two.

Monica: Including me?

Chandler: Oh yeah.

Ending Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing a new song as the gang looks on.]

Phoebe: (singing)

It only takes two heart attacks to finally make you see…
One of them won’t do it, but the second one will set you free…
Tell all your hate and anger, it’s time to say good-bye…
And that is just what I will do, soon as those bastards I work for die!
La, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la……

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Chandler, and Phoebe are there. Joey is working.]

Ross: Hey, remember when I had a monkey?

Chandler: Yeah.

Ross: Yeah, what, what was I thinking?

Joey: (he’s just picked up their bill) Hey! So, what’s with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?

Chandler: Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.

Joey: Y’know what’s more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y’know what’s even more generous than that?!!

Chandler: I see where you’re goin’!

Ross: What’s up with the greed Joe?

Joey: All right, look I’m sorry you guys, but it’s just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they’re really expensive, y’know? I’m down to like three! Well, actually two ‘cause one of ‘em I kinda blackened in some teeth—Why did I do that?! (Hits himself in the head.)

Ross: Well isn’t there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can’t-can’t you pick up, I don’t know, an extra shift here?

Phoebe: Or, y’know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you’ve got y’know a little of this (she sticks her chest out and shakes it) goin’ on. Wow! I still have it!

Ross: Oh, wait! Wait! Don’t you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you’ll get that job!

Joey: Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!

Chandler: (reminiscing) Ah, finally an explanation.

Joey: No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let’s see uh, well I don’t want to donate sperm again. (To Ross) I really prefer doing that at the home office y’know? (Ross nods his head.) Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?

Gunther: (approaching with a tray with an order on it) Joey!

Joey: Yeah?

Gunther: What did I tell you about talking to your friends while you’re working?

Joey: Uhh do it?

Gunther: That guy (points) has been waiting for his coffee for ten minutes! He’s complained about you three times! (He hands the coffee cup to Joey, assuming that Joey will deliver it and walks away.)

Joey: Well, where was I? (Takes a sip of the coffee.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is there as Phoebe and Rachel enter wearing workout clothes.]

Ross: Hi!

Phoebe: Hey!

Ross: Hey, what have you guys been up to?

Phoebe: Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!

Ross: Wow!

Rachel: Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!

Joey: Takes it out of you? (Laughs.)

Phoebe: Now, we can kick anybody’s ass!

Rachel: Yeah!

Ross: After one class? I don’t think so.

Rachel: What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there (points) and pretend you’re a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!

Ross: Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that’s not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there’s a concept you should really be familiar with. It’s what the Japanese call (he holds two fingers up to his temple, and he does this every time he says this word) unagi.

Rachel: Isn’t that a kind of sushi?

Ross: No, it’s a concept!

Phoebe: Yeah it is! It is! It’s freshwater eel!

Ross: All right, maybe it means that too…

Rachel: Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!

Ross: Y’know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don’t even care!

Phoebe: (deadpan) Come on Ross. We’re sorry. Please tell us what it is.

Ross: Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!

Phoebe: You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?

(Rachel laughs and Ross mocks her.)

Ross: (moves closer) All I’m saying is, it’s one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don’t know, like a (turns and puts his face close to Rachel’s and screams) surprise!!

(Rachel calmly wipes the spittle off her face.)

Ross: All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn’t mean you have unagi. (Does the finger thing.)

Rachel: (To Phoebe) Ooh! Y’know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.

Ross: Y’know what… (Moves away as Chandler enters, panicked.)

Chandler: Hey-hey, is Monica here?

Phoebe: No.

Ross: No.

Chandler: Okay, look I need your help, I don’t know what to get her for Valentine’s Day.

Rachel: Well, Valentine’s Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn’t get her a calendar!

Chandler: (laughs) She was working on Valentine’s Day so we’re celebrating it tonight.

Joey: Ohh, hey! Why don’t you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?

Phoebe: Ooh, Joey, that’s actually a really good idea!

Joey: And of course, crotchless panties.

Chandler: Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend (pause) and her brother, (the camera pans to Ross flashing Joey a very evil look; Joey gets scared) I can’t do that we promised we’d make each other gifts this year.

Rachel: Aw, I love that.

Phoebe: You guys!

Joey: You can’t make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut…

Rachel: (interrupting him) Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.

Chandler: Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.

Phoebe: Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?

Chandler: I made a… (Does one of those gibberish words.)

Phoebe: What is that?

Chandler: Nothing!

Ross: So what are you gonna do?

Chandler: Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?

Phoebe: Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! (She takes out a sock that’s been made into a bunny with eyes, nose, mouth, whiskers, and two other socks sown onto it for ears.) Oh for crying out loud!

Rachel: Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!

Phoebe: Now, it’s you little bunny friend. (She sticks it in Rachel’s face and they both laugh.)

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is desperately trying to make his Valentine’s Day gift. He takes a paper cup, turns it upside down, sticks two pencils into the top, and hangs a coat hanger from the bottom.]

Chandler: (admiring his work) This, this actually is a… (Does the same gibberish word from before.)

Monica: (entering) Hey!

Chandler: Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine’s Day gifts?

Monica: Oh, yeah.

Chandler: Do we have to make the entire thing?

Monica: Yes! Why, did you—you forget to make yours?

Chandler: Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.

Monica: Okay. (They kiss.) Okay, I can’t wait! This is going to be the best Valentine’s Day ever! (Chandler giggles and exits.) I can’t believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!

Chandler: (sticking his head back in) What?

Monica: I’m just so excited to make the presents! (Chandler does another sarcastic/scared laugh and leaves.) Shoot!

[Scene: A Medical Research Office, Joey is there to sign up for an experiment, any experiment.]

Joey: (to the receptionist) Hi uh, I’m Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I’d like to donate some fluids.

Receptionist: We’re actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we’re not looking for applicants right now.

Joey: Oh that’s too bad. I’ve kinda been saving up. (She just looks at him in horror.) Uh, are you sure there’s no studies I can participate in?

Receptionist: Well, here’s a schedule of what’s coming up. (Hands it to him.)

Joey: Thanks. (Starts to read it.) Well but this one starts now. (Points to one.)

Receptionist: Oh that one is available now, but only identical twins are eligible. It’s a twins study.

Joey: But it’s $2,000.

Receptionist: Sorry.

Joey: Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.

Receptionist: We already got the results back on that on, and they’re not good. (Joey beats a hasty retreat.)

[Scene: The Hallway between the Apartments, Ross is hiding behind that bump out on Monica’s side waiting for Phoebe and Rachel. As they come up the stairs, he jumps out and yells…]

Ross: DANGER!!! DANGER!!!!!

(They both scream and jump away.)

Phoebe: Ross!!!

Rachel: What the hell was that?!

Ross: A lesson in the importance of unagi. (He starts doing the finger thing every time now.)

Phoebe: Ohh, you’re a freak!!

Ross: Perhaps. Now I’m curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?

Rachel: All right, so we weren’t prepared!

Ross: I’m sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I—look, I just want you guys to be safe. (Monica comes out to throw out the garbage and Ross screams…) DANGER!!!!! (She completely ignores him and keeps walking.) Ahhh, huh? Unagi.

[Scene: Cole-Geddes Casting Agency, Joey is there on his audition and thinking about that 2,000 bucks for the twins study.]

Joey: (in his head) 2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me? (The camera widens its shot to reveal a room full of Joey look-a-likes. Joey looks at the guy next to him and then back at his script.)

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is coming in from doing his laundry. He starts folding it as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey.

Ross: (not turning around) Chandler. I sensed it was you.

Chandler: What?!

Ross: Unagi. I’m always aware.

Chandler: Okay, are you aware unagi (does the finger thing) is an eel?

Ross: What’s up?

Chandler: I can’t figure out what to make Monica.

Ross: Oh, why don’t you make her one of your little jokes.

Chandler: I’m going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?

Ross: Y’know what? She’d-she’d love this. (Picks up a model of the Saturn V rocket, that’s the one that took man to the moon.) Uh, it’s an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.

Chandler: Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.

Ross: Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn’t actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely. (Apollo 8 was the first one that orbited the moon and the one that read the Christmas Story from the orbit of the moon on Christmas Eve, 1968. They also took the famous Earthrise picture of the Earth rising over the moon.)

Chandler: Wait a minute, I can’t give this to her.

Ross: Why not?

Chandler: Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.

Ross: Oh.

(Chandler leaves dejectedly. When the door closes Rachel and Phoebe jump out from behind the curtains and scream…)

Phoebe and Rachel: DANGER!!!!!

(Ross screams like a little girl.)

Rachel: Ahhhhh, salmon skin roll. (She does the finger thing.)

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s bedroom, he’s still trying to figure out what to make Monica.]

Chandler: Okay. Okay. (He goes to the closet, moves the clothes out of the way, and notices an empty hanger. He takes the empty hanger and bends it all out of shape. Then he holds it out as if he’s giving it to her.) Yes honey, I made it myself. (He throws it down and goes to her chest, grabs something, goes to the bed table, and takes out a pair of scissors. He turns around and holds the scissors to the crotch of the panties he just removed.) I can’t do it. I can’t do it. (He throws them both down and continues looking. He opens another closet door and finds a tape.) Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!! (He runs out into the living room.)

[Cut to the living room, Chandler is entering as Monica finishes wrapping her present for him on the kitchen table.]

Chandler: Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?

Monica: Sure! Okay, you go first.

Chandler: Okay, come here! Come here.

Monica: Okay! (She takes her present for him and they move over to sit on the couch.)

Chandler: Now, it’s not wrapped because I just, just finished it.

Monica: Okay.

Chandler: But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.

Monica: Oh, what a great gift! Is The Way You Look Tonight on it?!

Chandler: (momentarily terrified) Maybe we’ll have to listen and see!

Monica: Oh, I love it! Thank you so much!

Chandler: Okay!

Monica: Okay, you ready to open yours?

Chandler: Yeah!

Monica: Okay.

(He opens his present to find Phoebe’s sock bunny from earlier.)

Chandler: It’s a sock bunny.

Monica: Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?

Chandler: Not really.

Monica: Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that’s what this is about.

Chandler: I see. Y’know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.

Monica: No! No, she doesn’t. Uh Phoebe, what she makes—that’s uh—they’re sock rabbits. They are completely different—Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn’t make it! I’m sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we’re supposed to make the presents!

Chandler: Oh, it’s okay. I don’t…

Monica: No-no, it’s not okay! It’s not! I mean you were just… You’re so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y’know I’m just gonna—I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and I am going to do anything you want in there! (Points to the bedroom.)

Chandler: (thinking it over) Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape. (They both run into the bedroom.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s bedroom, they are relaxing in sexual bliss.]

Chandler: Wow! (To the sock bunny still on his hand.) You are way to young to have seen that!

Monica: Oops! (Covers its eyes.) Y’know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?

Chandler: You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.

Monica: We have got to wash that! (Referring to the sock bunny.)

Chandler: Yeah! (Takes it off his hand and throws it behind the night-stand.)

Monica: Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?

Chandler: You have done enough!

Monica: I wanna wake up early and go get it for you!

Chandler: No you don’t—get it in black, not brown.

(The oven dings.)

Monica: Oop, your cake is ready!

Chandler: Oop!

(They both get out of bed and go get some cake.)

Chandler: Well, it’s like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.

(As they approach the kitchen, the door opens and in walks in a Joey look-a-like.)

Joey's Look-A-Like: Hey Mon! Hey Chann! (He goes to the fridge) Just gettin’ a soda! (Does so.)

Monica: Who the hell are you?!

Joey's Look-A-Like: I’m Joey! How are you doin’?!

Joey: (entering) No! No! No! No! No! How you doin’?! How you doin’—Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall! (Goes into the hall.)

Joey: Look, I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.

Chandler: Who the hell is Carl?!

Joey: Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.

Chandler: Y’know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren’t they?

Joey: Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y’know? The only problem is, Carl’s acting is… (Does the international hand symbol for so-so.)

Monica: The only problem!

Joey: Yeah, he’s the reason I didn’t get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.

Carl: (sticking his head back in) Hey, uh can I get a little piece of that cake?

Joey: (to Carl) Pizza!! We like Pizza!! Get out!!! (Carl does so.)

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are returning.]

Phoebe: Pat Sajak?

Rachel: Yep!

Phoebe: Alex Trebek?

Rachel: Oh, of course!

Phoebe: Chuck Woolery?

Rachel: Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who’s ass I cannot kick.

(They start to walk into the living room and notice someone’s head sticking up from behind a chair. The camera cuts to the other side and we see it’s Ross.)

[Time lapse. The girls have Ross pinned face down. Phoebe is sitting on his back and arms while holding his head down and facing Rachel. Rachel is sitting on his knees and holding his lower legs vertically, causing Ross pain.]

Rachel: Say it!

Phoebe: Say we are unagi!

Ross: It’s not something you are! It’s something you have!

Rachel: Say it!

Ross: Y’know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!

(Rachel yanks on his legs again and he groans in pain.)

[Scene: The Medical Research office, Joey is there with Carl in the waiting room. Two identical twins come out and both wave by at the same time.]

Joey: All right Carl, we’re next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?

Carl: Another Minute Maid fiasco.

Joey: That’s right! And what are you not gonna do?

Carl: Well, I’m not gonna talk because…

Joey: (gets very angry) Damnit Carl! (Carl goes to say something more, and Joey silences him with a grunt.)

The Doctor: (entering) (To the receptionist) Can I have the next one please? (Takes the form.) Joey and Tony Tribbiani. (Joey and Carl stand up.)

Joey: That’s us.

The Doctor: (seeing they’re not identical) But uh, this is a study for identical twins.

Joey: That’s right, $2,000.

The Doctor: But, you’re not identical twins.

Joey: Damnit Carl!

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is getting ready for Chandler’s arrival. He enters and finds the place lit with candles and dinner on the table.]

Chandler: Oh my good God.

Monica: Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.

Chandler: Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.

Monica: I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.

Chandler: Oh, the mixed tape.

(Monica pushes play and The Way You Look Tonight starts to play.)

Monica: The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me?

(He hesitates, then goes over to dance with her.)

Monica: You are just the sweetest. (They kiss.)

(Suddenly, a strange and familiar voice comes out of the tape player. Here’s a hint, OH…MY…GAWD!! That’s right, it’s Janice!)

Janice: I love the way you look every night Chandler! (Monica breaks the kiss and Chandler freezes in terror.) That’s why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!

Chandler: No! You’re the sweetest! (He tries to kiss her but Monica backs away with a look that could kill on her face.)

[Scene: A women’s self-defense class, the instructor is just finishing a class.]

The Instructor: Okay ladies, that ends today’s class, and let’s remember, let’s be safe out there.

(The women all clap and start to leave as Ross comes up to the instructor. Apparently he was hiding in the back.)

Ross: It’s a great class.

The Instructor: Thanks.

Ross: Yeah, yeah, I was watching. (The instructor just nods and walks away.) Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?

The Instructor: Well, she would take her keys and try to jam them…

Ross: No. No-no. No. What would you do next?

The Instructor: Who? Me the attacker?

Ross: Yes that’s right.

The Instructor: Why?

Ross: I tired attacking two women, did not work.

The Instructor: What?!

Ross: No, I mean it’s okay, I mean, they’re-they’re my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.

The Instructor: Let me get this straight man, you attacked your ex-wife?!

Ross: Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn’t. That’s why I’m here. Maybe we could attack them together? (He glares at him.) That-that’s a no.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is trying to explain himself to Monica.]

Chandler: I am so, so, so, so sorry!

Monica: (not buying it) Uh-huh.

Chandler: And I will cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and do anything in there! (Points to the bedroom.)

Monica: (pointing to the kitchen) Yeah you will! (Points to the bedroom) And, are you kiddin’ me?!

Chandler: Come on Monica, it’s our Valentine’s Day. Please? Please-please, please?

Monica: Okay.

Chandler: Okay. (They hug.)

Janice’s Voice: (singing) My funny valentine, sweet comic valentine! You make me high over my heart!

(Monica breaks the hug and starts for the bedroom.)

Chandler: So, are we going in there?

Monica: I am!! (Enter her room and closes the door behind her.)

Janice’s Voice: (singing) You’re look for laughable…(She does the now patented Janice laugh.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: The street in front of Central Perk, Ross is walking up and sees two women that look like Phoebe and Rachel from behind.]

Ross: Ah-ha, nowhere to run! (He starts to run towards them.)

[Cut to Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are sitting up by the window because two guys have their couch.]

Rachel: I don’t like sitting up here! I’m just gonna over… (She starts to get up.)

Phoebe: (stopping her) No Rachel! They got here first!

(Ross appears at the window behind them crouched behind a garbage can and ready to spring his attack on who he thinks are Phoebe and Rachel. The camera cuts to the exterior view and Phoebe and Rachel call the shots from inside.)

Phoebe: Why is Ross doing that?

Ross: DANGER!!!!

Rachel: Oh my God! Why is he jumping on those women!

Phoebe: We should help him!

Rachel: I… Well, I don’t think they need any help.

(Ross starts to scream and run away. He stops in front of the window of Central Perk to check the pursuit and notices Phoebe and Rachel inside looking at him. He mouths, "What?" Then realizes that the women he attacked are closing in so he screams and runs away.)


[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler, Rachel, and Joey are there as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller’s class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"

Chandler: Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there’s a big selling calendar, eh?

Rachel: Who wrote it?

Ross: Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.

Joey: Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?

Ross: Yeah.

Joey: Oh, ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there’s your admirer. (Ross is stunned.)

Chandler: A hot girl’s at stake and all of the sudden he’s Rain Man.

Rachel: Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?

Ross: It’s a girl! Anyway, it wou—it wouldn’t matter. Okay? Because I’m a teacher and she’s a student.

Chandler: Oh, is that against the rules?

Ross: No, but it is frowned upon.

Chandler: I see.

Ross: Besides, there’s a big age difference.

Joey: Oh, well think of it like this, when you’re 90…

Ross: I know when I’m 90 she’ll be like 80 and it won’t seem like such a big difference.

Joey: No that’s not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you’re 90 you’ll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are eating breakfast as Joey enters.]

Joey: Hey Chandler! Y’know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?

Chandler: Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.

Phoebe: What’s a Movement class?

Monica: It’s Chandler’s way of pretending he didn’t take mime.

Joey: Oh well listen, anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!

Chandler: Oh, I don’t know man. I haven’t talked to her in like ten years.

Joey: No-no-no, please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!

Chandler: You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred…

Joey: Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?

Chandler: Oh okay, I’ll-I’ll try.

Joey: All right! Thanks! You’re the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?

Chandler: Yeah so, Tuesday?

Joey: (angrily) Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!

Chandler: (sarcastically) Thank you.

Joey: Okay.

Rachel: (entering from the bathroom) Hey Mon? I’m gonna check my messages.

Chandler: You just thought of that in there?

Monica: Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.

(Rachel dials her number.)

Rachel: (on phone) Hello? (Shocked that someone answered.) Uh, Rachel. (To the gang.) Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!

Monica: You’re on the phone!

Rachel: (on phone) Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! (Hangs up) That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!

Phoebe: Oh my God! How bad was it?

Rachel: Well, he didn’t say, but it was a fire. I’m guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!

Monica: Come on! (The girls all run out and Joey holds up Chandler by smiling.)

Chandler: What are you smiling about? What is so funny?

Joey: The part I want to audition for is a fireman, this is so meant to be!

[Scene: N.Y.U. Paleontology department, Ross is putting up the grades on the message board.]

Burt: (another professor) Wow! It looks like you were very generous with your grades this semester! (Ross frantically starts to change some as a female student, Elizabeth, approaches.)

Elizabeth: Professor Geller?

Ross: (startled) Yeah?

Elizabeth: I wanted to say how much I enjoyed your class.

Ross: Oh thank you. Thanks very much. (Leans up against the board and on a thumbtack.) Ow! (He pulls away.)

Elizabeth: Uh, I’m a little embarrassed about calling you a hottie on my evaluation…

Ross: That was you?

Elizabeth: Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You’re a teacher. I’m a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?

Ross: Oh I, I don’t-I don’t think that would be the best idea.

Elizabeth: Oh, because I was thinking, the semester’s over; you’re not my teacher anymore.

Ross: What time?

Elizabeth: (checks her grade) Oh, y’know what? Forget it, you already gave me an A.

Ross: Gotcha. (Starts to leave.)

Elizabeth: I’m kidding!

Ross: Oh! So-so seriously, what time?

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, everyone minus Ross are arriving to inspect the damage. The fire department is still there.]

Phoebe: Coming through! (Has to dodge a fireman) Oh! Coming through! (Sees a cute one.) Oh! Hello! Hi! (Smiles then realizes) No! Right! Coming through!

(They start to look around seeing that the living room is undamaged.)

Monica: Oh well, it’s not so bad.

Fireman #1: Yeah, most of the damage is pretty mostly contained in the bedrooms.

Phoebe: Oh!

Rachel: My God! (They both run into the bedrooms.)

Joey: (to the fireman) Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday?

Fireman #1: Excuse me?

Monica: Joey! He’s working! (To Chandler) You would look good in that.

(Phoebe and Rachel return)

Joey: Oh, how bad is it?

Phoebe: Oh, it’s bad. It’s really bad. The only thing in there that isn’t burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!

Chandler: How’s your room Rach?

Rachel: Everything’s ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater. (Hold it up.)

Monica: Isn’t that mine?

Rachel: Fine! I’m sorry for your loss! (Hands it back to her.)

Fireman #1: So uh, you’re not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?

Rachel: (stands up) Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.

Monica: (pulling Rachel back down) Yes, they can stay with us.

Chandler: Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman?

Fireman #1: Well uh, do either of you smoke?

Phoebe: No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now.

Fireman #1: No-no-no, do you uh light candles? Burn incense?

Phoebe: Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It’s me! It’s me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!

Rachel: Okay Phoebe calm down, there’s no need to place blame. Okay? (To the fireman) I warned her about those candles.

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is on the phone as Joey enters.]

Chandler: God, it’s great to catch up! I can’t believe how long it’s been!

Joey: Chandler, is that… (Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)

Chandler: (on phone) Oh that’s great! Good for you.

Joey: Hey-hey listen… (Chandler waves him away.)

Chandler: Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm… (Joey mimes throwing something in the air, catching it, rolling it out, putting it in an oven and cutting it.) Can you hold for one second please? (To Joey) What?!

Joey: When you’re off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?

Chandler: (on phone) Hi! I’m back. (Goes to hang up the phone.) Yeah, that sounds great. (Listens) Okay. Well, we’ll do it then. (Listens) Okay, bye-bye. (He hangs up the phone and turns around to see Joey standing close to him and screams.)

Joey: Hey listen, so when’s-when’s my audition? I mean I know it’s Thursday, but what time?

(Monica enters.)

Chandler: Hi.

Monica: Hey!

Chandler: (To Joey) We didn’t get to the audition. I’m gonna take her to coffee and then we’ll do it then.

Joey: Ah-ha!

Monica: Wow! So, now you’re going on a date with this girl?

Chandler: Honey, it is not a date! I haven’t talked to her in ten years! You can’t just call up somebody you haven’t talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y’know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.

Monica: You’re right, I’m sorry. It’s not like you’re y’know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.

Chandler: No, we only went out once.

Monica: You dated her!

Chandler: Not once!

Monica: All right, well why don’t I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!

Joey: Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey. (He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is having coffee with Dana.]

Chandler: (laughs) Oh that’s great, my friend Joey’s in the movie business.

Dana: Y’know who I ran into from school? Howie.

Chandler: (giggles) My friend’s name is Joey.

Dana: Apparently Howie’s editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y’know I-I-I haven’t spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!

Chandler: Yeah, I’ve always hated that Howie.

Dana: No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!

Chandler: The nerve huh?

Dana: Yeah!

Chandler: Refill?

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is about to debut Hotel Monica (formerly known as Rachel’s Room) to Phoebe and Rachel.]

Monica: Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?

(They walk into a completely redecorated and repainted room. And of course, the room is immaculate. Only an obsessive-compulsive like Monica could find fault with the room.)

Rachel: Oh my God! It sure didn’t look this way when I lived here.

Monica: I know! Now look, there’s only one problem though. There’s only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey’s.

Phoebe: Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess (To Rachel) you should get to stay here.

Rachel: Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one’s fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.

Phoebe: Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.

Rachel: Okay! (She jumps on the bed.)

Monica: So Rach! You’re the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you’ll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y’know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.

Rachel: I have.

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey is showing Phoebe around.]

Joey: This right here is where I keep the pizza. (He points to the chair.) And uh that’s where the napkin is. (Points to the floor next to the chair.)

Phoebe: What’s that smell?

Joey: I know! (Shrugs his shoulders.)

[Scene: A street, Ross is walking with Elizabeth on their date.]

Elizabeth: Oh please! It was such a big class! You never even noticed me!

Ross: What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.

Elizabeth: Who?

Ross: Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.

Elizabeth: Oh yeah. So umm, did you have a nickname for me?

Ross: Umm, no. No.

Elizabeth: Yes you did! What was it?

Ross: Umm, it’s Cutie McPretty.

Elizabeth: Ohh that’s so sweet!

Ross: Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I’m having a great time! Y’know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it’s not. I mean it’s not at all.

Burt: (exiting from a restaurant) Dr. Geller!

Ross: (pushing Elizabeth into a doorway) Burt!

[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are cleaning up the mess.]

Phoebe: So did you sleep well last night?

Rachel: I did.

Phoebe: Yeah?

Rachel: I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.

Phoebe: Y’know what Joey left on my pillow?

Rachel: What?

Phoebe: Gum!

Fireman #2: Well, we determined the cause of the fire.

Phoebe: Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle!

Fireman #2: No, there was an appliance left on in the bathroom. It’s looks like a curling iron.

Phoebe: I don’t use a curling iron.

Fireman #2: Well someone does.

(Phoebe looks at Rachel.)

Rachel: Well, don’t look at me! My hair’s straight! Straight! Straight! Straight!

Fireman #2: It could’ve been a hair straightener.

Rachel: Oh.

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey is now showing Rachel around.]

Joey: This is where I keep the pizza. (It’s the same location as before.) And—Hey! Where did the napkin go?! (The napkin is not in it’s spot.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe is reading and Monica runs over and turns on the lamp behind Phoebe.]

Monica: Now there you go! I wouldn’t want my best guest to strain her eyes!

Phoebe: Thanks Monica!

Monica: Does that smell bother you?

Phoebe: What the smell from Joey’s? No, I can hardly smell it over here.

Monica: Well you let me know if you can, because y’know I can bake a pie to cover it.

Phoebe: I can smell it a little, bake the pie.

Monica: Okay!

Phoebe: Okay.

(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)

Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh yes, one minute please. (To Phoebe) It’s for you. It’s the fire inspector.

Phoebe: Oh! (Takes the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Yeah this is Phoebe. (Listens) Really?!

[Cut to Joey’s, he’s on the phone.]

Joey: (in a funny voice) Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire. (Rachel prompts him on what to say next.) No-no, it was the candles. It’s very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is… (Phoebe suddenly enters.) Uhh… Uhh… Okay. Well, I have to go now. (Phoebe leaves.)

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Ross is telling Monica and Joey about his date with Elizabeth.]

Ross: We had such a great time! She’s-she’s incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn’t. It wasn’t at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. (Joey makes the international sign for big boobies.) (To Monica) A concept lost on some people!

Monica: So it’s okay to date a student.

Ross: Well, not really. I mean technically it’s-it’s not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.

Monica: Well Ross, you be careful now. You don’t want to get a reputation as y’know Professor McNailshisstudents.

Ross: Yeah. What-what should I do?

Joey: Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what’s more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.

Monica: Joey that is so sweet.

(He turns his back to Monica and does the international sign for big boobies again.)

Chandler: (entering) Hey.

Joey: Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?

Chandler: I couldn’t do it.

Joey: You couldn’t do it?!

Chandler: Hey, relax I just need more time. We’re going to dinner tonight.

Monica: What?! You’re going out with her again!

Ross: Going out with who?

Chandler: Uh, Dana Keystone from college.

Ross: Oh yeah! Wasn’t she uh… (Does the international sign for big boobies.)

Chandler: No, that was Dana Caplin.

The Guys: Ohhhh! (They all look up in a moment of reflection.)

Monica: Joey! You didn’t even know her!

Joey: Ah whatever!

[Scene: A Restaurant, Chandler is having dinner with Dana.]

Chandler: Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!

Dana: Y’know uh, actually I-I-I should get going.

Chandler: Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!

Dana: Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don’t feel that way about you.

Chandler: Oh no-no-no, that’s not—No-no-no!

Dana: I’m sorry Chandler, y’know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don’t want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.

Chandler: No-no—Really?!

Dana: Of course!

Chandler: (breaking up) Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh…

Dana: Ohh, I’m sorry.

Chandler: Well maybe there is one thing you can do.

Dana: What?! Anything! Anything!

Chandler: Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?

Dana: Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?

Chandler: Well, the heart wants what it wants. I’ll see you later. (He runs off and leaves her with the bill, which the waiter promptly delivers.)

[Scene: Hotel Monica, Phoebe is on the bed playing her guitar as Monica enters.]

Monica: Hey! How’s it goin’?

Phoebe: Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.

Monica: Yes it has! I made cookies!

Phoebe: Oh that’s all right. I’m still full from your homemade potato chips.

Monica: But you should eat them now because they’re hot from the oven.

Phoebe: Okay. (Reaches for one.)

Monica: (pulling the plate back) Oh-ho! But not in here! Can’t eat ‘em in bed, remember? No crumbies!

Phoebe: (gritting her teeth) Okay, I’ll be out in a second.

Monica: Okay!

(Monica leaves and Phoebe closes the door behind her and tries to lock it.)

Monica: (opening the door) What are you doing?

Phoebe: That doesn’t lock does it?

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Rachel are eating spaghetti in the living room while watching TV and Rachel drops some on the floor.]

Rachel: Oh, Joey! Sorry!

Joey: No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.

Rachel: Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a stain!

Joey: Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!

Rachel: Really?

Joey: Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)

Rachel: I’ve never lived like this before.

Joey: I know.

(Rachel throws some of hers down.)

Joey: All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Elizabeth are deciding what to do on their second date.]

Ross: What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?

Elizabeth: Uhh, I can’t.

Ross: Oh, you have some studying to do?

Elizabeth: No, I have some turning 21 to do.

Ross: Y’know I remember when uh, when I was in college, we used to… (He sees some of his colleagues enter and puts his head on her lap.)

Elizabeth: What are you doing?

Ross: Nothing, I’m-I’m just, I’m so comfortable with you!

Elizabeth: Do you not want to be seen with me?

Ross: What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?

Elizabeth: Uh no, they’re still here but I think I’m about to leave.

Ross: What?! No! No! Wait! You’re right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There’s nothing wrong with that. Come on. (They get up and go over to the table where his colleagues are sitting.) Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.

Elizabeth: Hi!

Lydia: Aren’t you in my Popular Culture class?

Ross: That’s right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we’re dating. And you may frown upon that, but we’re not gonna hide it anymore.

Mel: You are so fired.

Ross: What?

Burt: They’re gonna fire you! You can’t date a student! It’s against the rules.

Ross: Really? Its not just frowned upon?

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Rachel are throwing huge spitballs at the entertainment center.]

Rachel: I love it at Joey’s!

Joey: Hey, here you go. (Hands her another one.)

Chandler: (entering, sees Rachel’s throw) Ni-hi-ice!

Rachel: Thanks!

Chandler: (To Joey) So, you busy Thursday?

Joey: Oh, very funny. I don’t know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. (Chandler doesn’t say anything until Joey figures it out.) You got me the audition?! Let’s hug it up! (They hug.)

Chandler: Okay. Okay. (Joey puts him down.) What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?

Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Hi!

Rachel: Hi!

Phoebe: (To Rachel) Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!

Rachel: Uh-huh.

Phoebe: Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I’m partly at fault. You see, I didn’t, I didn’t tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y’know let’s just face it, that’s just kindling! So I think it’s better that I stay at Joey’s.

Rachel: No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y’know what? I’m fine here.

Phoebe: Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.

Chandler: Really?

Phoebe: Yeah she said something about crumbies.

Chandler: No! No! No! I was so careful! (Runs out.)

Phoebe: (To Rachel) Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!

Joey: That’s right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey’s.

Rachel: No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don’t want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!

Phoebe: No but at Monica’s you can eat cookies over the sink!

Rachel: I know. I’m sorry.

Phoebe: All right fine! This looks like so much fun. (Examining the bowl of wet paper towels.)

Joey: Yeah.

Phoebe: God, what a mess. (She grabs the bowl and heads for Monica’s.)

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is looking at his handbook. Elizabeth is also there.]

Ross: Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can’t date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can’t believe we have to stop seeing each other.

Elizabeth: For what it’s worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.

Ross: I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can’t date. It’s against the rules. It’s forbidden.

Elizabeth: Wow!

Ross: What?

Elizabeth: Just hearing you describe it as forbidden, it’s really hot.

Ross: Really?

Elizabeth: Yeah.

Ross: Well I-I-I don’t care how hot it is it’s-it’s uh, it’s wrong.

Elizabeth: Stop it! (She starts to get all worked up.)

Ross: (feeling it too) No! No! It’s wrong! It’s-it’s-it’s naughty. It’s taboo.

Elizabeth: Shut the book!

(They frantically start making out.)

Ross: Let’s also get a hot plate!

(They start making out again.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey is eating pizza as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: So?!

Joey: So?

Chandler: It’s Thursday! How was the audition?!

Joey: Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs—(He gasps in horror.) Oh! (Runs out and Chandler just shakes his head. After a second Joey runs back in to grab a piece of pizza and runs back out.)


[Scene: Joey and now Rachel's apartment, Joey has the fridge pulled out away from the wall and is in the process of pulling off the cooling grate behind it.]

Joey: Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor, only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!

(Rachel enters from her new room.)

Rachel: Hi Joey, how ya doin’?

Joey: Great! Roomie!

Rachel: Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.

Joey: Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.

Rachel: I’m not paying for half of that! I’m only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.

Joey: Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya’?

Rachel: That refrigerators don’t live as long as people.

Joey: All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I’ll take a check for the other hundred.

Rachel: You’re jokin’ right?

Joey: Of course I’m jokin’! I don’t take checks.

Rachel: Thank God you’re pretty. (Exits.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Hey!

All: Hi! Hey!

Rachel: Do you guys know any cute guys?

Chandler: Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. (Pats Joey’s arm, Joey pats Chandler’s shoulder, and Chandler motions for Joey to say the same about him.)

Joey: Oh, I’m sorry. Thank you Chandler.

Rachel: Anyway, there’s this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go…

Monica: What’s the charity?

Rachel: I don’t know, something either trees or disease—Ralph mumbles a lot.

Monica: Does Ralph mumble when you’re not paying attention?

Rachel: Yeah! It’s weird. But the thing is need to find a date.

Phoebe: Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?

Rachel: Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.

Chandler: So he has to be a male who has at least $50.

Joey: Ooh! So close.

(Ross and Elizabeth enter.)

Ross: Hey everybody!

All: Hi!

Ross: Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.

Elizabeth: Oh hi!

All: Hi!

Elizabeth: I’m the student.

Chandler: (laughs) Isn’t she cute? (On Monica’s death stare) No!

Phoebe: Y’know, this is probably none of my business, but weren’t you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?

Elizabeth: Oh, we’re not together.

Ross: Oh no-no-no, we’re just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house. (He winks at her.)

Phoebe: Oh, sly.

Elizabeth: Well, I really wanted to meet you guys, but I have to run. I’ll see you later?

All: Okay!

Elizabeth: Bye Ross.

Ross: Bye.

(They kiss.)

Elizabeth: Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.

Ross: Oh that is quite all right ma’am. (Elizabeth exits.)

Chandler: So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?

Ross: Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.

Chandler: Oh, tell her good luck with that.

Ross: Anyone else? Huh? Bring ‘em on!

Rachel: Oo! When’s her birthday?!

Ross: I don’t know Rachel, why?

Rachel: Well, y’know it’s just been so long since I’ve been to Chuckie Cheese.

Monica: Oh, I like Elizabeth.

Ross: Well thanks!

Monica: Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y’know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.

Joey: Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how’s it going with her?

Ross: Well, actually it’s been great. She’s 20 so she’s not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.

Monica: Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.

Ross: Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are…

Phoebe: (interrupting) Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is sitting at the table and Monica is doing something in the kitchen.]

Monica: Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?

Chandler: Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?

Phoebe: (entering) Hey!

Monica: Hey!

Phoebe: Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.

Chandler: Oh that’s so funny because we found someone too.

Phoebe: Oh that’s good, I guess she’ll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.

Chandler: Why would our guy be a weirdo?

Phoebe: ‘Cause that’s just your taste.

Monica: (laughs sarcastically) Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.

Phoebe: Oh yeah?

Monica: Yeah!

Phoebe: My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these (She squeezes the skin on her chin together to form…)

Chandler: A face ass?

Phoebe: A chin dimple!

Monica: Well, uh y’know, our guy works with Chandler and he’s really nice and smart and he’s a great dresser!

Phoebe: Have you seen your guy’s body?

Chandler: No, our guy is just a floating head.

Phoebe: Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He’s a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.

Monica: You’re not supposed to look!

Phoebe: Oh yeah, like there are police for that!

Chandler: (horrified) Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.

Phoebe: I know. (Laughs.)

Monica: All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.

Phoebe: Oh, Chandler funny?

Monica: Our guy’s a great dancer!

Phoebe: My guy is well read.

Chandler: Our guy has great hair.

Phoebe: My guy has great teeth!

Chandler: Our guy smells incredible.

Monica: (To Chandler) Do you want our guy to be your guy?

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering to find Joey bingeing on the food from the fridge. Joey isn’t doing all that well.]

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Huh.

Chandler: Well, you…don’t look good Joe.

Joey: The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown jar?

Chandler: That’s still in there?!

Joey: Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?

Chandler: Is this a service you’re providing me?

Joey: No! No! No! For my new fridge—our new fridge!

Chandler: Our new fridge? I don’t live here anymore.

Joey: So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.

Chandler: Uh-huh.

Joey: And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.

Chandler: (not quite sure where Joey’s going and is a little worried) Okay…

Joey: (pause) Give me $400!

[Scene: Ross’s office, he’s unlocking his office door as Elizabeth walks up.]

Elizabeth: Professor Geller?

Ross: Hmm? (Turns around and sees that its Elizabeth) Oh, a student I don’t know.

Elizabeth: I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment?

Ross: Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?

Elizabeth: Making out in your office.

Ross: Shh! (Laughs then composes himself) Of course, why don’t we go inside?

(They go inside and Ross closes the door. When he turns around Elizabeth walks up to him, pushes him back against the door, and starts kissing him.)

Ross: Oh-ooh!

Elizabeth: What?

Ross: Doorknob! Doorknob!

Elizabeth: Oh! Sorry! Umm, I actually do need to talk to you.

Ross: Oh, okay. What-what about?

Elizabeth: Spring vacation.

Ross: Spring vacation.

Elizabeth: Yeah, we have time off and a lot of people are going on trips…

(Another professor barges in.)

Professor Feesen: Professor Geller!

Ross: (quickly jumping away from Elizabeth) Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger… I’ll be with you in one moment. (To Elizabeth) So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints. (And he ushers Elizabeth out of the office.)

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Ross, Chandler, and Joey are entering.]

Ross: You don’t understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I’m not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?

Chandler: Just tell her the truth! Tell her you’re not ready.

Ross: I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?

Chandler: Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.

Joey: Or! You can just, y’know… (He walks up close to whisper in Ross’s ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)

Ross: What the hell are you doing?

Joey: What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!

Ross: What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!

Joey: Oh-ho-ho, you think I don’t know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! (He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That’ll be $400!

Chandler: Joey, I saw you push him!

Joey: (pause) You pushed him!

Ross: Joey, I did not break this! Okay? (He opens the freezer and smells inside and recoils in disgust.) That has been broken for a while.

Joey: All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?

Chandler: Uh-huh.

Joey: I still haven’t gotten a check for your half yet.

Ross: Do not give him any money!

Joey: I’m not talking to you! You broke my fridge!

[Scene: Ross’s office, he’s opening the door to Elizabeth.]

Elizabeth: You wanted to see me Professor Geller?

Ross: Yes. Yes! Please, come in.

(She does so, he closes the door, and she pushes him against the doorknob again.)

Ross: Oo-oo!

Elizabeth: Doorknob?

Ross: Yeah, it kinda grows on you. (They both laugh.) Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.

Elizabeth: Oh good.

Ross: Look, I… (He has trouble sitting in his chair.) Look, I’m having a great time with you and I just don’t want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I’m sorry I just don’t think we should go away together yet. It’s-it’s too soon.

Elizabeth: Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I’m going to Florida for a couple weeks.

Ross: No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant was…

Elizabeth: You are so adorable.

Ross: That! Let’s talk about that.

[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.]

Ross: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey!

Monica: Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?

Ross: Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn’t want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she’s going to Florida for spring vacation.

Chandler: Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? (Does a little whooping/party noise.)

Ross: What’s-what’s the difference?

Monica: Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you’re doing frat guys.

Ross: Hey, y’know what? Not all spring breaks are like that.

Phoebe: What did you do on yours?

Ross: I went to Egypt with my dad.

Chandler: I can see it now, "Look dad, it’s the Sphinx!" (Does that party noise again.)

Ross: Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" (Imitates the party noise.) All right? I mean she’s taken my class!

Monica: And slept with the professor.

Ross: I’m gonna call her.

Chandler: Yeah.

(Ross leaves to do so and Rachel enters with a guy.)

Rachel: Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.

Sebastian: Hi.

Rachel: We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. (Chandler’s shocked.) What? I read that.

Sebastian: Can I get you a cup of coffee?

Rachel: Oh yes! Thank you! (He does so and Rachel sits down on the couch.)

Phoebe: Rachel, what the hell is this?!

Rachel: (shocked) What?

Phoebe: You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!

Rachel: You found me a guy?

Monica: Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler’s work!

Phoebe: Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.

Rachel: Well, y’know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I’m just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.

Chandler: Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!

Monica: Uh, would you stop it with that already?!

(Sebastian returns with the coffee.)

Sebastian: Here you go. (Hands her, her cup.)

Rachel: Oh, thank you.

Sebastian: Sure.

Phoebe: So, Sebastian, do you do any volunteer work?

Sebastian: Uh, no not really. Why?

Phoebe: No reason, it’s just I know a single guy that cares about other people.

Chandler: Are you funny?

Sebastian: Excuse me?

Rachel: What are you guys doing?

Monica: Are you funny? Tell us a joke!

Sebastian: Look, I just wanted to have coffee with Rachel.

Phoebe: Well, so do a lot of people.

Sebastian: Actually, I uh, I gotta get going. (To Rachel) Give me a call sometime.

Rachel: Oh, but y’know, no, you didn’t give me your phone number.

Sebastian: Okay! See you later! (Exits.)

Chandler: (To Monica) Turns out he is kinda funny.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]

Rachel: I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!

Chandler: Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat’s name?

Phoebe: Yeah, y’know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you’d like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" (Imitates him.) "Uhh, okay—I gotta go!"

Monica: All right guys stop it. Rachel, we’re very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y’know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.

Phoebe: Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y’know you might even end up with someone really special (whispers) if you pick my guy.

Rachel: All right.

Chandler: Okay, so you will meet our guys?

Rachel: Yes, I’ll meet ‘em.

Chandler: Okay now it doesn’t matter which one you choose, y’know? It’s completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.

Joey: (entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!

Phoebe: Okay sure!

Joey: Really?!

Phoebe: Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.

Joey: Call it even?

Phoebe: Okay.

(Ross returns.)

Chandler: (To Ross) Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?

Ross: Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl’s bodies, waking up next to people you don’t even know…

Joey: Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?

Chandler: You know the hotels?

Joey: Sure! I was there! Spring Break ’81! Woo-hoo!

Monica: In 1981 you were 13!

Joey: So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.

Ross: Okay, she can’t go.

Phoebe: Ross, you can’t tell her not to go. You just started dating.

Ross: Then what am I supposed to do?

Phoebe: Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.

Ross: Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?

Chandler: Well, maybe you don’t marry this one.

[Scene: Elizabeth’s apartment, she is packing for her trip as Ross watches.]

Ross: I’m so glad you’re going on this trip!

Elizabeth: Yeah! I’ve been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y’know, blow off some steam.

Ross: Sure. Sure. Look I don’t, I don’t know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.

Elizabeth: What?

Ross: Are you into crafts at all?

Elizabeth: Ross, are you okay?

Ross: Well, yeah, of-of course I’m okay! What? I’m just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and (notices something) what-what is uh, what’s this? (He holds up a rather skimpy bathing suit.)

Elizabeth: It’s a bathing suit?

Ross: To wear in front of people?

Elizabeth: Is that supportive?

Ross: Is this?!

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is reading as Monica and Chandler enter.]

Monica: Hey!

Chandler: Good-good-good-good.

Monica: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Rachel: Hi!

Monica: We’re really glad you decided to meet our guy.

Rachel: Oh…

Monica: You’re gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?

Rachel: I don’t know. I know I don’t work late tomorrow night.

Chandler: Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y’know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? (Laughs) Eldad come here! (He stands up from the next table.)

Rachel: What?

Monica: Eldad, this is Rachel.

Eldad: How are you?

Rachel: Well-well a little blind sided but y’know good.

Chandler: Eldad, sit down. (To Rachel) Move over! Move over now!

Rachel: I—Ohh! (Moves over and lets Eldad sit on the couch.)

Chandler: There you go! There you are! (Rachel stares at Monica and Chandler)

Monica: Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! (They start to leave but run into Phoebe with her guy in tow.) (To Phoebe) What are you doing here?!

Phoebe: This is Patrick. (Points to him.)

Patrick: Hi.

Chandler: Hi. (To Phoebe) Okay, you’re too late okay? Because she’s already with our guy.

Phoebe: (looks) Oh my God, you’re right! I am too late; they’re sitting on the couch and talking! (To Patrick) Come on! (They go over to the couch.) Rachel?

Rachel: Yeah?

Phoebe: This is Patrick.

Rachel: Oh, hi.

Patrick: Hi.

Phoebe: Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about.

Rachel: Yeah?

Phoebe: Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what’s underneath it.

Rachel: Oh-okay, but Pheebs?

Phoebe: Yeah?

Rachel: I’m just sort of in the middle of something.

Phoebe: Oh! Okay! Yeah, that’s okay. (To Patrick) Have a seat. (Sits Patrick down next to Rachel.)

Monica: No! You can’t do that!

Eldad: Maybe I should go!

Monica: (stopping him) Sit down! We’re winning!

Rachel: Okay, y’know what? Maybe I should go!

All: (Chandler stops her) No-no-no-no! Have a seat! Have a seat!

Monica: Rachel! Rachel! You haven’t touched Eldad’s hair!

Chandler: It is the softest hair! Touch it! (Both he and Monica do so.)

Rachel: Yeah, I’m good.

Phoebe: Rachel? Patrick is really rich. (To Patrick) Give her some money.

Patrick: Y’know what Phoebe? This isn’t really worth the free massage.

Monica: That’s right Patrick, bye-bye!

Chandler: (To Rachel) Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! (To Eldad) You dance for Rachel!

(He starts to get up, but Rachel stops him.)

Rachel: No-no! Don’t dance for me! Please? Don’t! (She gets up to yell at her ‘friends.’) What is the matter with you guys?

Phoebe: Yeah, okay, let’s talk it out.

Rachel: I… Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?

Eldad: I’m a little embarrassed. (Chandler shushes him.)

Rachel: I’ll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It’s you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!

Phoebe: Then why did she ask us to…

Rachel: I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean (To Patrick) congratulations on all the cash, (He nods) and-and y’know—(Feels Eldad’s hair)—Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! (Grabs her stuff, starts to leave, then turns back suddenly, and to Eldad) Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!

Eldad: Yes, Papaya Extract.

Rachel: Thank you! (Storms out.)

[Scene: The airport, Elizabeth’s flight is about to leave and Ross is there to send her off.]

Ross: So uh, have a great time down there.

Elizabeth: I will.

Ross: Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?

Elizabeth: Yeah.

Ross: It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it’s revealing which I’m fine with, no I’m concerned about your health, sun exposure.

Elizabeth: Oh, don’t worry I have plenty of sun block, it’s SPF-30.

Ross: Well, if what’s in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it’s-it’s get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it’s just milk.

Elizabeth: Ross, it’s going to be okay. I’m not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.

Ross: Really?

Elizabeth: Yeah! I’m just going down there to relax and hang out with my friends.

Ross: Okay. Cool.

Elizabeth: Oh hey! Here they are!

(A group of about 10 guys and no women come running around the corner.)

Guy: Elizabeth!

(The guys pick up Elizabeth and carry her onto the plane as she waves bye.)

Ross: Call me!

Ending Credits

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Rachel, Chandler, and Phoebe are there.]

Phoebe: Rachel, we’re sorry for pushing those guys on you.

Rachel: Oh that’s all right! Y’know, I ended up having a really good time. Y’know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.

Chandler: So what was it for anyway?

Rachel: I wanna say a disease.

Joey: (entering) Hey!

All: Hey!

Joey: I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.

Rachel: Huh. All right.

(Rachel does so and it’s one of those dance party shows they have during spring break and we see…)

Phoebe: Oh my God, look! That’s Elizabeth!

(Suddenly Ross jumps in and starts dancing with her.)

Rachel: Oh-oh Professor Geller.

Joey: Ahh, to be 13 again.

Chandler: Yeah.

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Phoebe is helping Joey rehearse for an audition. Phoebe is overacting her part.]

Joey: The reactor’s gonna blow in three seconds, we’re never gonna make it!

Phoebe: You’ve got to get out of here! Save yourself!

Joey: No! I won’t leave you!

Phoebe: Don’t worry about me, I’m a robot! I’m just a machine!!

Joey: No you’re not! Not to me!

Phoebe: (she stops reading from the script) Oh my God.

Joey: What?

Phoebe: I am extremely talented!

Joey: Yeah, you’re great! Okay, let’s take it from…

Phoebe: (interrupting) No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.

Joey: Yeah, I thought I was pretty good too.

Phoebe: Oh yeah, you’re solid. Yeah, you’re just no me.

Joey: Y’know what? I think that’s enough for now. Yeah. I don’t want to be over rehearsed.

Phoebe: (tremendously overacting) Fine! I’ll do it without you! (Joey gives her thumbs up) I don’t need you or anybody else! I’m gonna make it on my own! (Joey closes the door to his bedroom.) You’ll see!! You’ll all see!!

Opening Credits

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey is memorizing his lines. Chandler, Rachel, and Phoebe are there as well.]

Chandler: (To Joey) So uh, what’s this thing you’re auditioning for?

Joey: Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He’s a, he’s a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."

Rachel: So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.

Joey: That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.

Chandler: That is lucky.

Rachel: Huh—Wait so Joey if you get this, you’re gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you’ll be like the Big Cheese! (To Phoebe) Or the Big Mac—Hey! You love those!

Joey: Well, don’t get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.

Chandler: Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?

Joey: I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don’t know if I’m good enough.

Phoebe: I am.

Rachel: Joey, what are you talking about? You’re a terrific actor.

Joey: You really think so?

Rachel: Ugh, how can you even ask that question?!

[And with that we go into the save the budget portion of the show, which features flashbacks from previous episodes. The first set of auditions feature high lights or low lights of Joey’s acting career. The first flashback is from The One With The Lesbian Wedding.]

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there to watch Joey's first scene as Dr. Drake Remoray.]

Chandler:  Whoa, she's pretty. (Mentioning the girl on TV)

Joey:  Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.

Rachel:  I'm sorry, what?

Monica:  What?

Ross:  Excuse me?

Joey:  It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this. (Does this intense look where it looks like he's smelling a fart.)

Chandler:  Oh, ok.

Joey: (there's a gunshot on TV) There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.  I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..." (Does the smell-the-fart look.)

[The next flashback is from The One With The Butt.  The gang is watching Joey in Freud!]

Joey: (on stage in an Austrian accent) Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)

All you want is a dingle,
What you envy's a schwang,
A thing through which you can tinkle,
Or play with, or simply let hang...

[The next flashback is also from The One With The Butt and it's also on the soundtrack.  He's Joey telling everyone about his big break in Monica and Rachel's apartment.]

Joey:  I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.

Monica: (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.

Joey:  C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!

Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.

Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!

Ross: You're right, you're right, it is.

Monica:  Yes.

Ross:  So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?

[Cut back to Joey about to leave for his audition for Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.]

Joey: All right well, I’m outta here. Wish me luck.

Phoebe: (overacting with a song this time) (singing) Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!

Joey: Yeah, whatever. (Exits.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Ross are playing chess and are both studying the board intently.]

Ross: It’s your turn.

Chandler: Oh, are we playing this?!

Joey: (entering, dejectedly) Hey.

Chandler: Hey! How’d the audition go?

Joey: Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!

Ross: Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn’t go well but it really did go well?

Joey: Yeah, did I fool ya?

Ross: Totally!

Chandler: So it did go well.

Joey: Oh, it went amazingly well!

Ross: Great!

Chandler: Oh that’s great!

Joey: Yeah-yeah, it’s down to me and two other guys.

Chandler: Oh my God!

Ross: Wow!

Joey: And I know both of them, they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who’s always getting chased by those big flowers…

Ross: Oh, I love that guy! (Laughs.)

Chandler: Oh-oh, what are you doing?

Ross: (stops laughing) What am I doing?

Joey: I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!

Chandler: Well, it is overdue.

Ross: Look, don’t worry. Okay? You’re gonna be fine.

Joey: There’s just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don’t know if you’d understand.

Ross: Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs.

[Thus starts another series of flashbacks all dealing with the pressure the rest of the Friends have to deal with in their jobs. The first flashback is from The One With The Stoned Guy.]

[Scene: Chandler's office. He's on the phone, agitated.]

Chandler: (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!

[The next flashback is from The One With The Prom Video.  Monica is at a job interview at a new restaurant.]

Monica:  Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.

Interviewer:  Uh-huh. Is it dirty?

Monica:  Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.

Interviewer:  Don't, I like it dirty.

Monica:  That's your call.

Interviewer:  So, uh, what are you going to do next?

Monica:  Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.

Interviewer:  Are they, uh, firm?

Monica:  They'r alright.

Interviewer:  You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?

Monica:  No really, they're OK.

Interviewer:  You gonna slice them up real nice?

Monica:  Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.

Interviewer:  Aaaahhhhhhh.

Monica:  I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]

[The next flashback is from The One With Rachel's Crush.]

[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel’s new job.]

Rachel:  (on the phone) Monica, I’m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn’t even buy it! (Pause) I’m telling you I’m quitting! That’s it! I’m talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. (Hangs up.)

[The next flashback is from The One With The Dozen Lasagnas, Phoebe is telling everyone but Rachel about the pass Paulo made on her.]

Monica:  Well, what happened?

Phoebe:  Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until... (The flashback shows Paulo lying face down on the massage table and slowly moving his hands up Phoebe's legs and grabbing her butt.)

All:  Ohhhhhh!

Ross:  Oh my God!

Phoebe:  And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (The flashback shows Paulo rolling over and showing Phoebe his equipment.)

Monica:  Was it...

Phoebe:  Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it!

[The next flashback is from The One With Ross's Sandwich, Ross his confronting his boss about him eating Ross's sandwich.]

Ross: You ate my sandwich?

Dr. Leedbetter: It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.

Ross: (getting upset) Oh-oh really?

Dr. Leedbetter: Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.

Ross: (jumping to his feet in anger) What?

Dr. Leedbetter: Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.

Ross: You-you-you-you (trying to remain in control) threw my sandwich away!

[Cut to an outside shot of the museum.]

Ross:  (losing control, we hear him shout outside) MY SANDWICH?!!!

[Cut to a shot of a park.]

Ross: MY SANDWICH!!!!!! (Ross's scream scares a flight of pigeons away.)

[Cut back to Central Perk.]

Joey: I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!—No, I didn’t say that! That’s a lie.

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is there talking to the chick and duck.]

Chandler: Oh come on guys, it’s not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren’t for (struggles to get this out) Monica’s allergies. (The duck quacks.) You’re right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. (The phone rings.) Should I get that? (Laughs, then answers the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Uh no, Joey’s not here right now. Can I take a message? (Listens) Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? (Listens) Okay great. (Listens.) Bye. (Hangs up the phone and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle on the door but Monica walks in and forces him to jump out of the way.)

Monica: (startled) Ahh! Aren’t you dressed yet?

Chandler: (looks down at his clothes) Am I naked again?!

Monica: We’re supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.

Chandler: Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?

Monica: Wh?! What about my allergies?!

Chandler: Oh right, your allergies. (Monica leaves and to the chick and duck) All her, she hates you. (Chandler leaves without finishing the message for Joey.)

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey and Chandler are playing foosball and Joey scores a goal.]

Joey: Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?

Chandler: As crazy as soccer?

(The phone rings and Joey answers it.)

Joey: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) What are you talking about? The audition’s not ‘til 5:00! (Chandler suddenly remembers and looks at the unfinished message then tries to sneak over and finish it as Joey listens.) Well, nobody told me! (Listens) Who’d you talk to? (Listens and turns around to see Chandler trying to finish the message.) Nevermind! (Hangs up.)

Chandler: You mean you didn’t get it from this?

Joey: The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!

Chandler: Well, maybe we can fix it y’know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!

Joey: How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could’ve turned my whole career around!

Chandler: I messed up. Okay? I’m sorry, I really messed up.

Joey: Hey, you don’t even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!

Chandler: Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody’s allowed one mistake, right?

[Joey just laughs as a third set of flashbacks featuring Chandler’s mistakes starts. The first flashback is from The One With The Prom Video.  It's Chandler telling Phoebe how much he hates the bracelet Joey bought him.  They're both at Central Perk.]

Chandler:  You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller!  The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!

Phoebe:  It's not that bad.

Chandler:  Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]

Phoebe:  Chandler, Chandler.

Chandler:  I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi!

[The next flashback is from The One Where Chandler Crosses The Line.  He's telling Joey that he kissed Cathy.]

Chandler:  Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and…

Joey:  And what?! Did you sleep with her?!

Chandler:  No! No! No! I just kissed her.

Joey:  What?!! That’s even worse!!

Chandler:  How is that worse?!

Joey:  I don’t know! But it’s the same!

Chandler:  You’re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.

Joey:  Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!

[Cut back to Joey and Rachel’s apartment.]

Chandler: Look, I’m not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you’re not perfect! You’ve made some errors in judgment too!

Joey: Name one!

[Chandler proceeds to point out Joey’s errors in this forth set of flashbacks. The first flashback is from The One With The Cat.   Chandler has just returned home to see that their apartment has been cleaned out and finds Joey trapped in the entertainment center.]

Chandler: (lets him out) What happened?!!

Joey: (getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!

Chandler:  What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!

Joey:  Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!

Chandler:  So--You got in voluntarily?!

Joey:  I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna do?

Chandler:  BEND OVER?!!!

[The next flashback is from The One With The Candy Hearts.  Joey and Chandler are waiting at a restaurant as Lorraine and her friend arrive.]

Chandler: Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.

Lorraine: Hi, Joey. (Sees Chandler.) Well well, look what you brought.

Chandler: ...And what did you bring?

Lorraine: She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.

Chandler: Janice?

(Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.)

Chandler: Janice?!

Janice: Oh.... my.... God.

[The next flashback is from The One With Ross's New Girlfriend.  Chandler is telling Ross and Joey that Joey's tailor took advantage of him.]

Chandler: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.

Ross: What?

Joey: No way!  I've been going to the guy for 12 years.

Chandler: Oh come on!  He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...

Ross: What?

Chandler: Cupping.

Joey: That's how they do pants!  Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?

Ross: Yes, yes it is. In prison!

[Cut back to the present.]

Joey: I said name one!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Rachel are consoling Chandler.]

Chandler: I can’t believe I did this! What an idiot!

Monica: Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren’t any message you’ve forgotten to give me are there? (Chandler has a disgusted look on his face.) Apparently you’re not very good at it! I…

Chandler: Do you think he’ll ever forgive me?

Rachel: Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!

Chandler: Y’know what? I-I kinda have.

Rachel: Already? That’s pretty bad what you did.

Monica: Y’know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case… (Chandler gets that disgusted look back.) Okay…

Chandler: You didn’t see how mad he was, y’know?

Rachel: I’m sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y’know, you fight, you make up, it’s just the way it works.

[We then go into another set of flashbacks of famous fights. The first is the second breakup of Ross and Rachel from The One With The Jellyfish.]

Ross: It took two people to break up this relationship!!

Rachel: Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!

Ross: I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!

Rachel: What?!!

Ross: I fell asleep!

Rachel: (mocking him) You fell asleep?!

Ross: It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! (they go into the living room, trapping Monica, Chandler, and Joey in the kitchen) (to Rachel) Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means ‘you are,’ Y-O-U-R means ‘your!’

Rachel: Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!

Ross: (starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)

Rachel: And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!

Chandler: (coming out from behind the door) I KNEW IT!!!!

[The next flashback is from The One After The Superbowl, Part II.  Monica and Rachel are fighting over who gets to see Jean-Claude Van Damme.]

Monica: You had no right to go out with him.

Rachel: That is the most ridiculous...

Monica: You sold me out.

Rachel: I did not sell you out.

Monica: Yes you did.  You absolutely sold me...

Rachel: Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]

Monica: Did you just flick me?

Rachel: OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]

(They keep flicking each other. This turns into slapping each other.)

Phoebe: Oh!  All right.  Now, let's not do this!

(Rachel tackles Monica onto the couch.)

Phoebe: Happy thoughts!  Happy thoughts!

(They wrestle on the couch for a little while until Monica gets the upper hand and pulls Rachel off of the couch by her sock.  Monica removes Rachel's sock and starts beating her with it.)This leads to wrestling on the floor. This finally angers Phoebe.)

Phoebe: OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.

(Phoebe grabs each of them by an ear.)

Monica and Rachel: Ow! Ow! Ow!

Phoebe: I know!  I know!  I know!

Phoebe: Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.

Rachel: Fine!

Monica: Fine!

Phoebe: There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.

[The next flashback is from The One Where No One's Ready.  Joey is retaliating against Chandler hiding his underwear by wearing a whole bunch of clothes.]

Joey: Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.

Chandler: Oh my God! 

Joey: Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...

(Chandler does this throat sound.)

Joey: Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges. (starts doing lunges)

[The next flashback is from The One Where Eddie Moves In.   It's the sequence where Joey and Chandler are both saddened that they're not living together anymore. All By Myself is playing in the background.]

[Joey's place. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to and throws the phone back down.]

[Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.]

[Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.]

[Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.]

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering with a peace offering of a Joey Special, two pizzas.]

Chandler: Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? (The phone rings and he answers it) (On phone) Hello? (Takes the phone away from his mouth when he realizes what he just did and yells.) Damnit! (Back on phone.) Hello? (Listens.) No, Joey’s not here right now, but I can take a message I think. (Listens) He’s still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that’s great news! (Listens) Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. (Listens) Oh well, that’s great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! (Hangs up and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle.) Yes! (Reading what he’s writing) Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. (Pause) By dog not flowers.

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey is entering to find Chandler waiting patiently for him.]

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Please tell me you got the message!

Joey: What message?

Chandler: The actor playing Mac couldn’t do it, they needed to see you at 2 o’clock.

Joey: What?! It’s 6 o’clock!

Chandler: Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross’s! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!

Joey: I can’t believe this Chandler!

Chandler: Sorry! I-I-I don’t know what to say.

Joey: Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!

Chandler: (angrily) Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!

Joey: Oh, well I’m uh…

Chandler: Y’know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!

Joey: Oh wow! Okay man, I’m sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.

Chandler: Well that’s good. Because you didn’t! And I’m incredibly happy for ya!!

Joey: (shocked) That’s mean! You really had me going there!

Chandler: Oh, we could do this all day.

Joey: Yeah, you’re right. Okay look, listen, let’s talk about what a huge star I’m gonna be!

Chandler: You are gonna be a huge star! I’m gonna hug ya!

Joey: You hug me!

Chandler: All right!

[What follows is the final set of flashbacks that feature a whole lot of lovin’ between Chandler and Joey. There’s no words, just hugs and even the kiss from The One With The Monkey. All of this is set to the song, You’ve Really Got a Hold on Me!]

[Cut back to the present, they are still in each other’s embrace.]

Joey: Hey, do we do this too much?

Chandler: I think so. Yeah, get off me.

Joey: Yeah.

(They separate.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey and Phoebe are reading a scene from Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.]

Joey: Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.

Phoebe: (overacting badly) I can’t! My circuits are fried! They’re fried I tell you!!

Joey: Wow! (Back to reading the scene.) Well then I’ll just have to carry you.

(Suddenly Ross jumps up from behind the counter armed with a plastic gun. By the way, he’s overacting too.)

Ross: That’ll be a neat trick, when you’re, (looks at the script) when you’re dead!

Joey: Ross, you don’t have to yell.

Ross: There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.

Phoebe: I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where’d Ross go?"

Ross: Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac…

Phoebe: Yeah?

Ross: Oh my God. I mean…

Joey: Y’know what? I think that’s enough for today. Thanks for your help! (He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)

Phoebe: (To Ross) He’s holding us back.

Ross: Totally.


[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, Rachel, Chandler, and Monica are there. Rachel is reading everyone’s horoscope.]

Rachel: Okay, Chandler!

Chandler: Okay.

Rachel: And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."

Chandler: (To Monica) Oh, well thank you in advance. (Kisses her.)

Rachel: Op, but the twelfth brings a lover’s spat.

Monica: (To Chandler) You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!

Rachel: Oh, wait and on the nineteenth a secret crush announces itself.

(Phoebe winks and licks her lips while eyeing Chandler.)

Joey: (entering) Hey guys!

Chandler: Hey!!

Rachel: (ecstatic) Oh my God! It’s Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!

(Everyone claps and cheers, Joey mimics looking about with a gun.)

Chandler: Oh that’s right. It’s your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?

Joey: Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I’ve dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!

Phoebe: No! Joey, you’re going to be great!

Joey: But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don’t know anything about technology! I can’t even use Chandler’s computer except to find porn! And-and that’s only ‘cause it’s right there when you turn it on!

Monica: I think our lover’s spat will start a little early this month.

Phoebe: (in a sexy voice to Chandler) I’ll be waiting.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, time lapse. Phoebe is now looking at the covers of two different books.]

Chandler: Are you judging them by their covers? Because you’re really not supposed to do that.

Phoebe: No, I’m just deciding which one to use—I’m gonna start writing another book!

Rachel: Be-because the last one was such a big seller?

Phoebe: Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Ross: What are you guys doing later?

Phoebe: Oh, Rachel and I have appointments to get our hair cut.

Rachel: (To Phoebe) We do?

Phoebe: I want to see what he wants first.

Rachel: Okay.

Ross: (continuing) I just found out that Elizabeth’s dad wants to meet me.

Chandler: Wait a minute, hold the phone! You’re not Elizabeth’s dad?!

Ross: Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.

All: Of course we’ll help! Yeah! We’ll be here!

Ross: Thanks!

Monica: We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.

[Scene: Pier 59 Studios, it’s the set of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. The producer is showing Joey around the set.]

The Producer: (walking into Mac’s office) So uh, here’s your office set!

Joey: Wow! Huh? (Picks up the phone) Mac Macaveli, Private Investigator!

The Producer: (checking his watch) Let’s get you into wardrobe for a fitting.

Joey: Okay. Hey uh, when do I get to meet the robot?

The Producer: I’m sorry, why don’t we do that right now? He’s right here. (Points to a guy.)

Joey: Okay.

The Producer: Joey Tribbiani, this is…

Joey: Oh wow! He’s so lifelike! (Starts touching the guy’s cheeks) Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy’s ears.

The Producer: This is Wayne, the man who created and operates C.H.E.E.S.E.

Joey: (slaps Wayne on his cheek) How do you do there, Wayne? (Backs away.)

The Producer: I’ll let you two guys get acquainted, huh? (Walks away.)

Joey: Okay. Sorry about that…(Mimics that cheek thing he just did.) Uh, so where’s C.H.E.E.S.E.?

Wayne: C.H.E.E.S.E. is right here. (He puts on his headset, picks up the controller, and wheels C.H.E.E.S.E. in. C.H.E.E.S.E. is just a plain old robot on tracks; he kinda looks like No. 5 in the movie Short Circuit.)

C.H.E.E.S.E.: (Wayne with a computerized voice) Nice to meet you Mac!

Joey: (laughs) This is like the temporary robot, right?

Wayne: No. Why?

Joey: Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y’know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.

Wayne: I spent two years developing this machine, it’s absolutely state of the art.

Joey: I’m sorry, it just—I don’t know it doesn’t really look like it can do anything.

Wayne: It can do this. (He moves C.H.E.E.S.E.’s arm close to Joey’s special area and he jumps back.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is at the counter drinking coffee as Elizabeth enters with her dad, Paul. Elizabeth goes to kiss Ross, but he just kisses her on the forehead. By the way Paul is played by Bruce Willis. Yes, that Bruce Willis from Moonlighting, Die Hard, and Armageddon.]

Elizabeth: This is my father, Paul Stevens. Dad, this is Ross Geller.

Ross: It-it’s great to meet you Paul.

Paul: I usually prefer Elizabeth’s boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.

Ross: Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.

Paul: So Ross, what your problem?

Ross: Eh-wh—Excuse me?

Paul: Why can’t you get a girlfriend your own age?

Ross: That’s funny. Umm…. (Pause, then serious) It’s not funny.

Paul: I don’t like you going out with my daughter Ross.

Ross: Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.

Paul: Okay.

Ross: What?

Paul: Okay. I’ll give you one chance to change my mind. (Ross laughs in relief) You got one minute. (Ross suddenly gets worried.)

Elizabeth: Daddy!

Paul: Fine! Two minutes. Go.

Ross: This is—you—(Ross starts laughing.)

Paul: (laughs then checking his watch) 1 minute 50 seconds.

Ross: Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I’ve been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student—I mean I not—not it! I mean, I mean I don’t—We haven’t done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we’ve-we’ve-we’ve done stuff. (Paul is not amused.) Okay, okay, a joke, a joke—lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.

Paul: I’m Irish.

Ross: And the Irish guy wins the joke!

(Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe enter.)

Monica: Ross!!

Chandler: Ross!

Monica: How crazy that we’d run into you!

Ross: Oh God, thank you! (Runs and gives all of them a group hug.) Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I’d like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.

Phoebe: You’re Elizabeth’s father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.

Monica: (obviously attracted to him) Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?

Chandler: There’s a Mr. Bing!

Paul: No, unfortunately Lizzie’s mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.

Phoebe and Monica: (sympathetic) Ohh!

Paul: I get that a lot.

Ross: Okay umm, why don’t we all take a seat, y’know? And uh, and I’ll get us all some uh some coffees—(He goes to pull out Elizabeth’s chair, but Paul steps in)—Yeah, why don’t you. (Paul pulls out her chair) Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y’know? Whatever pops into your head. (He turns his back to Paul and Elizabeth and points to himself for Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe. Then he goes to order the coffee.)

Monica: Y’know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, ‘cause usually he’s got the children’s hospital.

Phoebe: Yeah. Not looking for dates. (Monica turns in horror.)

Elizabeth: So uh, Monica is Ross’s sister.

Monica: And he’s a great brother!

Paul: I had a sister.

Monica: Ohh!

Paul: She passed away.

Monica and Phoebe: (sympathetic) Ohh!

Paul: Oh, you don’t have to do that every time.

Chandler: But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story… (He starts laughing then notices that Paul isn’t happy.) You’re roommate in college died didn’t he?

Paul: A part of him did yes.

Ross: (returning with the coffee) Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. (He sets down their cups.) So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.

Chandler: Yes, we were just…

(Rachel runs in.)

Rachel: Hi, I’m sorry I’m late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz’s father get here?

Paul: I’m already here.

Rachel: Oh! Ross is sooo great!

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Phoebe is working on her book at the kitchen table, Monica is on the couch, and Chandler is entering from the bathroom carrying a package of toilet paper.]

Chandler: Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.

Monica: No, you said the baby creeps you out.

Chandler: No, the little girl creeps me out.

Monica: You said the baby.

Chandler: Why would the baby creep me out?

Monica: Why would the little girl creep you out?

Phoebe: (writing frantically) You guys, I’m sorry, could you please talk a little slower?

Chandler: This is going in your book?

Phoebe: Yeah, it’s about relationships. Y’know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!

Monica: What?! Excuse me!

Phoebe: And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. (Chandler and Monica kiss.) And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it’s a compliment.

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is there alone as Paul enters.]

Rachel: (seeing him) Oh hi!

Paul: Hi! Hi. (He’s looking around.) I think I left my keys here somewhere.

Rachel: Oh! Well let’s look for them. (Finds some under one of the couch cushions. It has a pink, fuzzy ball on the key chain.) Oh-oh-hey! Are these them?

Paul: No.

Rachel: All right! (Throws them back under the cushion.)

Paul: Oh, here they are right here. (Picks them up from underneath the corner of the couch.)

Rachel: Oh good.

Paul: Thanks for your help. (Starts to leave.)

Rachel: (chasing after him) Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?

Paul: Just call me Paul.

Rachel: Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.

Paul: Well maybe you can date him then that would save me the trouble of killing him. (Rachel laughs then starts looking at him.) Are you okay?

Rachel: You just don’t look old enough to have a twenty-year-old daughter.

Paul: Well, we were very young when we had her.

Rachel: Oh. We?

Paul: Well yeah, it usually, it takes two people to… (He taps his index fingers together.)

Rachel: Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just—I meant y’know are you still a ‘We’ or are you just ‘You?’

Paul: I’m just me, my wife died shortly after Lizzie was born.

Rachel: (sympathetic) Ohh. So you raised her all on your own?

Paul: Yes I did.

Rachel: Ohh. (She touches his arm for support and likes what she feels) Ooh!

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Phoebe is still writing in her book, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen as Joey enters.]

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey!

Monica: How was your first day?

Joey: Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.

Chandler: Damn those robots, they’re supposed to be our faithful servants!

Joey: Anyway, it wasn’t the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn’t like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!

Phoebe: Well, why don’t you just get him fired?

Joey: I may have to, I hate to do it, but I’m the star! Y’know? There’s a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. (His cell phone rings) Excuse me. (Answers it, on phone) Joey Tribbiani.

Estelle: (on the other end) Joe! I’m glad I found ya, I got an audition for ya!

Joey: Wow!

Estelle: The thing is it’s kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn’t know he might be fired. It’s the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.

Joey: I’m the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!

Estelle: Uh-oh!

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is entering looking for Joey, but instead he finds Paul and Rachel making out on the couch.]

Ross: Joey?!

Paul: Hi Ross.

Rachel: I was just getting him to like you.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, scene is continued from earlier.]

Ross: Joey?! Joey!! (He runs into his bedroom.)

Rachel: Ross, Joey is not here.

Ross: Okay, I’ll just wait for him in here!

Rachel: Ross, it’s okay. You can come out.

Paul: Yeah Ross it’s okay, it’s me, Mr. Stevens.

Ross: (coming out of the bedroom) Oh! Oh my God! I didn’t even see you!

Paul: Sure you did! You came in, you got all awkward, and you ran into the bedroom. You were shouting, "Joey! Joey!" Bye Rach. (Kisses her.)

Rachel: Bye!

Paul: I’ll call you later. Bye Ross. (Leaves)

Ross: What-what-what the—how da-how did-what the-how did-what?!

Rachel: Well, y’know he lost his keys so he was looking for them…

Ross: (incredulous) In your mouth?!

Rachel: No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y’know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.

Ross: You were at the coffeehouse!

Rachel: Ross, what’s the big deal? So I kissed the guy!

Ross: He is my girlfriend’s father, okay? It’s-it’s, it’s weird!

Rachel: Wh—You dated my sister!

Ross: That was different!

Rachel: What? Why?!

Ross: This is weird for me!

Rachel: Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let’s face it, so far the guy’s not lovin’ ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y’know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!

Ross: How is that important?

Rachel: Oh it’s important!

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Joey is telling everyone about his impending termination at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.]

Joey: Apparently, there’s like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there’s only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn’t know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?

Monica: Well y’know Joey, you’re a pretty charming guy.

Joey: Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.

Monica: No sweetie, you’ve got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You’ve got to kiss some serious robot ass!

Joey: That’s not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I’m not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. (Starts to leave, but stops and turns to Phoebe.) Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs. (Exits.)

Chandler: So do you think uh, Joey’s more charming than me?

Monica: Yeah! That’s why I’m sleeping with him on the side.

Chandler: Yeah, you wish. (Stops to think about it and gets depressed.)

Phoebe: (writing in her book) "You wish."

Monica: Phoebe, stop writing about us!

Phoebe: I’m not writing about you! I’m writing about other people.

Chandler: Who?

Phoebe: Marcia and Chester.

Monica: Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I’ll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!

Chandler: Hmm.

Monica: (writing on a piece of paper) Phyllis is sitting in a chair.

Chandler: Oh.

Phoebe: I see what you’re doing!

Monica: (still writing) Phyllis sees what I’m doing.

Chandler: Oh-oh.

Phoebe: Ooh, I have tasted my own medicine and it is bitter!

[Scene: Pier 59 Studios, Joey is walking up to C.H.E.E.S.E. and Wayne.]

Joey: Morning! Hey, how’s my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?! (Pats C.H.E.E.S.E. on the head.)

Wayne: Don’t touch him!

Joey: Okay! (He yanks his hand away.) All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! (He grabs C.H.E.E.S.E.’s arm and pulls it off at the elbow.) Ah-ah!! (Wayne is shocked.) Okay, that’s why you didn’t want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? (Hands Wayne the arm and he goes to fix it. Meanwhile Joey starts to berate himself.) Stupid! I can’t believe it! God! (A very beautiful woman walks by.) (To her) Hey, how you doin’? (He and her go over to talk and Wayne looks on with envy.)

[Scene: A Restaurant, Ross and Rachel are on their double date. Rachel is busy talking Ross up.]

Rachel: So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.

Elizabeth: What a nice story!

Paul: So Ross was in college and decided to jump at the chance to take a young girl to her high school prom.

Rachel: Wow! I definitely did not see that one backfiring! I’m gonna go to the bathroom.

Ross: Yeah, take your time.

(Rachel heads for the bathroom.)

Ross: (to Paul) Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn’t as bad as-as…

Paul: Ross, look, I know I’ve been giving you a lot of jabs and it’s partly because I’m very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, (pause) many stories that Rachel has told me that, well (pause) you’re not (pause) all bad.

Ross: Not all bad.

Paul: And anyhow, I’m sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I (pause) still look at Lizzie like she’s a twelve-year-old girl.

Ross: Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.

Paul: I beg your pardon?

Ross: No! No! Not—I don’t mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who’s umm six and I still think of him as a baby.

Paul: You have a son?

Ross: Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I’m sure you are with your wife! (Realizes) Oh, I’m sorry! (To Elizabeth) It’s unbelievable!

Paul: Don’t worry about it, I just didn’t realize you were married. (Rachel returns and hears that.)

Rachel: Oh we were, but that was just a (pause as the audience reacts), I mean that was just a big drunken mistake.

Ross: You’re back.

Paul: You two were married?!

Rachel: Oh! Whoops! I’m sorry, you were talking about Emily!

(Ross slams his head down on the table.)

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Chandler are entering and they’re arguing.]

Monica: Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.

Chandler: We said seven!

Monica: We said six!

Chandler: The only way that I said six would be if the seven’s, let meet at seven, not at six.

Monica: Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would’ve said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend’s such a wise ass—seven!"

Phoebe: (Turning around in the chair) Hi!

Chandler: Oh my good God.

Monica: Ugh!

Phoebe: I know what time you said.

Chandler: What?!

Phoebe: Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.

Monica: What time?

Phoebe: Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it’s my book to the rescue, huh? (Reading her book) Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.

Chandler: (disgusted) What does it say?!

Phoebe: I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.

Chandler: Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.

Phoebe: Thanks! So are you.

Chandler: (To Monica) I told you I should not wear this color. (He’s wearing a reddish-orange sweater.)

Phoebe: (reading from her book) Mon… (Pause as she restarts) Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they’re supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it’s at seven.

Chandler: So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!

Phoebe: That’s right.

Monica: Inside of telling us you decided to write in your stupid book!

Phoebe: (writing in her book) Marcia and Chester are mad at Phyllis.

[Scene: Joey’s Dressing Room, Joey and Chandler are there.]

Joey: I can’t believe I’m going to lose this job!

Chandler: Oh I’m so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?

Joey: Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.

(There’s a knock on the door and Joey answers it to Wayne.)

Wayne: Hey Joey, I want to talk to you.

Joey: Yeah? Well, I don’t want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler. (They shake hands.)

Chandler: Hi, how are ya?

Wayne: Joey, Joey, I-I-I’ll g-get you your job back if you help me out.

Joey: (incredulous) Why should I help you?!

Chandler: (whispering in Joey’s ear) The reason he just said.

Joey: (happily) What do you need?

Wayne: I-I-I saw you on stage talking to that beautiful woman, y’know Sarah?

Joey: Yeah?

Wayne: I wish I could talk to her.

Joey: What are you in love with her or something?

Wayne: Yeah. Her. All of them. Anyone.

Chandler: Yeah, I’ve been there my friend.

Wayne: Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.

Joey: Oh wow Wayne, it’s not really something you can teach y’know? It’s pretty much something you’re born with if you—(Off Chandler’s look)—You-you can teach it! I’ll show you right how to do it.

[Scene: A Restaurant, Rachel is still trying to talk up Ross, not to much success.]

Rachel: I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.

Paul: How to make the next one even shorter?

Rachel: Now wait a minute that’s not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn’t tell me. (Everyone looks at her, Ross not happily.) Maybe I have to pee again. (Gets up to try to use the bathroom.)

Paul: Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?

Ross: Y’know what? I-I-I… I-I have had enough of this! Y’know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you’ve got a problem with me, frankly…

Paul: Are you yelling at me?!

Ross: God no!

Elizabeth: Y’know what daddy? If you don’t like Ross, that’s fine. It doesn’t matter to me, I’m gonna go out with him anyway.

Paul: Really?! (She nods in the affirmative.)

Ross: Well if it doesn’t matter to her, it doesn’t matter to me! (to Paul) Still not yelling!

Paul: Wow. What can I say? (Pause, pointing at Ross) This doesn’t make me like you any better!

Ross: That’s okay, I’m not so crazy about myself right now either.

Paul: Then we agree?

Ross: Uh yeah, I guess—Yeah! I guess so.

Paul: Neither of us like Ross!

Elizabeth: I like Ross.

Ross: Ohhh! Kids!

Rachel: (returning) Wait-wait-wait, I just thought of another story about how nice Ross is!

Ross: That’s okay Rach, we’re not liking Ross right now.

Rachel: Oh! I’ve got a lot of those too!

Ending Credits

[Scene: Mac’s Office, Mac is talking to C.H.E.E.S.E. about their case.]

Joey: Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.

C.H.E.E.S.E.: The shipment never made it through Omaha?

Joey: You got it! And the rabbi’s beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Pauses as he waits for C.H.E.E.S.E.’s next line.) It’s your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Suddenly C.H.E.E.S.E. goes crazy and starts flinging it’s arms and advancing on Joey behind the desk.) Wayne! Wayne!!

(The camera cuts to Wayne who’s busy making out with Sarah and rubbing C.H.E.E.S.E.’s controller on her back causing C.H.E.E.S.E. to go crazy. Joey starts throwing books at C.H.E.E.S.E. to get him to stop.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel, Chandler, Monica, and Joey are there as Phoebe enters.]

Phoebe: (dejected) Hi, you guys.

Chandler: Hey!

Monica: Hi!

Rachel: What’s the matter?

Phoebe: Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.

Joey: (nodding knowingly) Now you’re thinking you gotta sleep with him.

Phoebe: No! No! It’s just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!

Chandler: I’ll give up my ticket.

Joey: Me too.

Phoebe: Okay that’s so generous!

Chandler: And I think Ross is generous too.

Phoebe: Great! Okay then it’s just us girls!

Monica and Rachel: (less than enthused) Great.

Phoebe: Yeah.

Rachel: So what-what is the exhibit.

Phoebe: It’s mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.

Joey: Oh man! (Hits Chandler)

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hi!

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!

Ross: Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.

Monica: Oh that’s great!

Ross: Yeah.

Monica: I mean think about all the money that you’re gonna make!

Ross: Why? What?

Monica: Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?

Ross: No, no, that’s funny. But maybe it’s time to move on, let it go, y’know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth’s father, so ah, he’s much older than she is. Looks like I’m not the only one interested in fossils, huh?

Rachel: I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.

Ross: Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings (Paul enters) in his ear.

(And walks up right behind Ross, and standard sitcom joke 2B follows with the person being insulted standing right behind the person doing the insulting while the rest of the people become frightened and try to warn the insulter about the insultee’s presence.)

Chandler: Ross.

Ross: Oh, come on you guys; that’s funny! Y’know? Because he’s need—he’s got like a hearing aide y’know, ‘cause-‘cause y’know, ‘cause he’s all old, and…

(Paul reveals his presence by laughing, thus concluding standard sitcom joke 2B. Paul then pulls Ross aside to have a little chat with him and tells the rest of the group that he’ll just be one second.)

Paul: Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I’ve decided to accept the fact that you’re going out with her.

Ross: Really? That okay, that’s great.

Paul: Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I’m funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I’m telling you, I don’t want you seeing my daughter anymore.

Ross: All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.

Paul: Yes it does.

Ross: But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don’t think there’s really anything you can do about it.

Paul: I’ll call the university and tell them about your relationship and have you fired.

Ross: Ohh! A man with a plan!

Opening Credits

[Scene: A Dry Cleaners, Joey is there with Phoebe and is trying to get his picture put back amongst the other celebrities hanging on the walls.]

Phoebe: Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!

Joey: I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up about something… Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he’s just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I’ll…

Phoebe: (gasps) Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. (Giggles) Yeah I know; we’d be great together!

(The dry cleaner finishes with the customer in front of Joey and they approach the counter.)

Joey: Hey! So I’m back.

The Dry Cleaner: Who are you?

Joey: Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! (The dry cleaner doesn’t remember) Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? (Holds his picture up in front of his face.) Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I’m ready to go back up on the wall I’m the star of a new TV show.

The Dry Cleaner: (picking up a TV Guide) Show me in the table.

Joey: Oh well, it’s not on TV yet.

The Dry Cleaner: Well, then it’s not on the wall yet.

Joey: Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh? (Walks away)

Phoebe: So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer’s clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven’t been cleaned yet?

(The dry cleaner just stares at her and she retreats.)

[Scene: The Morgan Chase Museum, the girls are entering.]

Monica: Oh, I love museums!

Rachel: Umm.

Monica: Soakin’ up all the culture.

Rachel: Yeah.

Monica: Where do you want to start?

Rachel: Ooh, the gift shop!

Monica: Yeah!

Phoebe: Hey, and then lunch.

Rachel: Oh, wait yes, but I can’t eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.

Phoebe: Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he’s gonna tell you that he’s gay?

Rachel: What?! No! Why?!

Phoebe: No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?

(A museum official enters with another man and woman.)

The Museum Official: (to the couple) You can put the aisle over here (points), and put the wedding ceremony right over here. (Points.)

Rachel: I didn’t know you could get married here.

Monica: This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn’t put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! (Points to both places.) I mean you’d have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch. (The arch at the entrance to the room.)

The Museum Official: (To Monica) May I help you?

Rachel: Oh sorry didn’t mean to interrupt. It’s just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?

The Museum Official: Yes. We’re very popular. There’s a two-year waiting list. Sorry! (She kinda storms out with the couple.)

Rachel: Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list

Monica: What?! Are you crazy?! I’m not getting married! I’m not even engaged.

Phoebe: Yeah, but there’s a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That’s four years. Chandler’s not gonna wait that long. He’s gonna find somebody else, y’know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list. (Rachel agrees.)

Rachel: Yeah hon, it can’t hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you’re not engaged you just don’t use it.

Monica: Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.

Rachel: I’m gonna do it too!

Phoebe: Me too!

Rachel: Really? Who would, who would you marry?

Phoebe: I don’t know, I don’t have anyone right now. Y’know?

Rachel: Oh Pheebs.

Phoebe: Don’t feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn’t gay.

Monica: Phoebe, that stuff is…

Phoebe: Don’t even get me started on yours!

[Scene: The Dry Cleaners, Joey is trying to get his picture up again.]

Joey: (entering) Hey! So, did you watch the tape of my show?

The Dry Cleaner: I did.

Joey: All right, let’s get me back up there! (Holds out his picture.)

The Dry Cleaner: No! It don’t go up on the wall!

Joey: What—But you saw the show!

The Dry Cleaner: Yes, it was very offensive to my people!

Joey: Dry cleaners?

The Dry Cleaner: Russians! It showed them as terrorists and villains!

Joey: Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!

The Dry Cleaner: That’s right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!

Joey: Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that’s offensive to Russians.

The Dry Cleaner: I’ve never seen it!

Joey: Oh you should, it’s great.

(The Dry Cleaner stares at him and Joey retreats.)

[Scene: A Cabin in the Woods, Elizabeth is giving Ross a tour.]

Ross: This place is really beautiful!

Elizabeth: Yeah, I’ve been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma’s.

Ross: Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes—Do-do you want to make out?

Elizabeth: Sure!

(They fall to the couch and start to make out, but Ross stops suddenly.)

Elizabeth: Are you okay? What’s wrong?

Ross: Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.

Elizabeth: Well, whatever works for ya…

Ross: No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.

Elizabeth: Oh. Well, so we have to hide our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it’s kinda fun hiding.

Ross: Yeah.

(They start making out again.)

Elizabeth: (quietly) Hey umm, you brought protection right?

Ross: (loudly) Why?! Are there like bears or something?! (Looks around and then sees that Elizabeth is shaking her head no and realizes what Elizabeth meant.) Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.

Elizabeth: I’ll just run to the store and get some.

Ross: Oh no! Hey-hey, I’m the guy! I’ll get it.

Elizabeth: Do you know where the store is?

Ross: No.

Elizabeth: Do you want to ride around town on my little pink bicycle?

Ross: A little bit.

Elizabeth: (laughs) I’ll be back in ten minutes.

Ross: Okay.

Elizabeth: Why don’t you get in the hot tub and I’ll meet you there.

Ross: Ohh, okay.

(Elizabeth leaves and Ross starts to remove his clothing right there in the middle of the living room where someone can see him. Of course, someone almost does, but he hears a door opening and…)

Rachel: (from another room) Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house.

(Ross with his pants around his ankles tries to run, but Dr. Geller forgets that he has his pants around his ankles and falls down trying to flee.)

Paul: (To Rachel) Thank you, it’s my mom’s. So this is the kitchen.

(Dr. Geller, the man with the Ph.D. in Paleontology, is trying to find a place to hide, but this supposedly intelligent man in the hands of clich�d scriptwriters runs around with his pants down around his ankles like one of the Three Stooges.)

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is reading the newspaper as the phone rings. He let’s the machine answer it.]

Chandler: (on machine) You’ve reached Monica and Chandler’s, if you’re listening to this message, we’re probably screening. (to himself) Yeah we are.

The Museum Official: (on phone) Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I’m calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she’s still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available… (Chandler runs to answer the phone.)

Chandler: (on phone) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (Listens) Yes, the groom—No! Not the groom!!

Commercial Break

[Scene: Paul’s Cabin, Paul and Rachel are sitting on the couch drinking wine and talking.]

Rachel: It’s so secluded up here.

Paul: I know. I like it up here.

Rachel: I feel like we’re the only two people in the world. (She sets down her wine class, picks up a walnut, and knocks another one on the floor.) Oops. Sorry. (She reaches down to pick it up and Ross hands it to her. Ross is hiding under the couch and causes Rachel to scream.)

Paul: What’s the matter honey? Did you see a little mouse?

Rachel: No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I—would you—actually, would you go check on that?

Paul: Honey, we don’t have any bears here.

Rachel: Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?

Paul: Okay. I’ll be right back. (Gets up and heads for the kitchen.)

Rachel: Okay. (After Paul leaves Rachel drops to the floor to confront Ross.) What?! What are you doing here?!

Ross: What are you doing here?!

Rachel: I came with Paul!

Ross: Yeah, I recognize the ankles!

Rachel: Get up!

Paul: (entering) Here you go honey! (Rachel kicks Ross back under the couch.)

Rachel: Ahh. Thank you!

Paul: Diet Coke. (Hands her the glass.)

Rachel: Op, ice. I need ice.

Paul: Okay.

Rachel: Thank you.

Paul: I’ll be right back. (He goes to get the ice.)

Ross: (under the couch) You and your ice.

Rachel: Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! (Ross gets up and heads for the kitchen.) No! Not in there! He’s in there! (She points Ross to the door next to the kitchen.)

Ross: (before entering) Did you really hear a bear?

Rachel: Go-go!

Paul: (entering) Here you go honey. One Diet Coke with ice.

Rachel: Ohh, thank you.

Paul: I’m so happy that you’re here.

Elizabeth: (entering) Here I am!

Paul: (jumping up) Elizabeth! Oh look, Elizabeth’s here! Who are you talking to?

Elizabeth: Uh, you guys?

Paul: How did you know we were here?

Elizabeth: Umm…

Rachel: Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.

Elizabeth: Obviously.

Paul: Elizabeth, what are you doing here?! (Motions that he brought Rachel here to be alone with her.)

Rachel: Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?

Elizabeth: Yeah! Yep.

Rachel: Well, why do y’know go in that room (points to the room Ross is in) and do your homework?

Elizabeth: Ohh, I wouldn’t do it in there. That’s my dad’s bedroom.

Rachel: That’s your, that’s your dad’s bedroom. (Yelling) That’s your dad’s bedroom!

Paul: Why are you yelling?

Rachel: Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is sitting at the kitchen table staring at the phone as Monica enters.]

Monica: Hi, honey.

Chandler: (gets up) See you later. (Starts to leave.)

Monica: What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!

Chandler: (angrily) Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask! (He storms out.)

(Monica puts the groceries down and goes to check the answering machine and hears.)

The Museum Official: (on machine) Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I’m calling for Monica Geller.

Monica: Oh no!

The Museum Official: (on machine) I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she’s still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available…

Monica: Oh please, he didn’t hear it! He didn’t hear it!!

Chandler: (on machine) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (The machine beeps off.)

Monica: NOOOO!!!!!!!!

[Scene: The Dry Cleaner’s, Joey has brought in a bunch of laundry in another attempt to get his picture on the wall, but the dry cleaner isn’t working right now. Instead, a beautiful woman is working.]

Female Clerk: Can I help you?

Joey: Uh yeah, where-where’s the guy who decides who’s pictures go up on the wall?

Female Clerk: He’s not here right now.

Joey: Oh, you’re kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I’m an actor; I’m kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.

Female Clerk: Y’know, there are two people who could put your picture up there. (She makes eyes at him.)

Joey: Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? (Pause) You’re the other one right? (She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)

[Scene: Paul’s Cabin, continued from earlier.]

Paul: So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?

Elizabeth: Oh no-no believe me, I’m leaving as soon as possible!

Paul: Good. Good. Not that we don’t want you to stay, obviously you’re welcome—How much more homework do you have?

Elizabeth: Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?

Rachel: Really? Okay. Okay, I-I’ll go upstairs. (to Paul) If-if you get me something from the car.

Paul: What do you need from the car?

Rachel: Surprise me.

Paul: (whispering) Okay. (Starts for the car.)

Rachel: (yelling) So you’re gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that’s where everybody’s gonna be!

(Rachel and Elizabeth go upstairs. Paul starts for the car, but notices his luggage is still out and decides to take in into the bedroom.)

[Cut to his bedroom, Ross is listening at the door as Paul opens the door, trapping Ross behind it. With Paul’s back turned Ross coils up like a snake and slitters underneath the bed.]

Paul: (standing in front of a mirror and to himself) Just relax. Just relax Paul, you’re doing great. (Ross moves a piece of luggage over so he can watch Paul.) She likes you. She… Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y’know why? Because you’re a (pause) neat guy. (Ross can’t believe what he’s hearing.) You are the man. You are (pause) the man! (He opens his shirt and looks at his chest.) I still got it. Nice and sexy. You’re just a love machine. (Starts singing) I’m just a love machine and I won’t work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! (Flexes and grunts loudly.) Showtime. (Starts to leave and starts singing.) I’m just a love machine, yeah ba-by! (Grunts again and Ross is stunned.)

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there as Monica rushes in.]

Monica: Phoebe!

Phoebe: Yeah?

Monica: Have you seen Chandler?!

Phoebe: No! Why?

Monica: The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! (Phoebe gasps.) I know! How bad is this?!

Phoebe: Well for the regular guy, it’s bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!

Monica: I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can’t find him anywhere!

Phoebe: What are you gonna do?

Monica: Well, I’m never gonna listen to you again, that’s for sure! (Mimicking her.) "Y’know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"

Phoebe: Rachel said that!

Monica: Well Rachel’s not here! (Runs out.)

[Scene: The Dry Cleaner’s, Joey and Phoebe are entering to see if his picture is on the wall.]

Phoebe: Oh! Here it is! (Noticing it next to the door.) Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?" (Son of a bitch is written across the entire picture.)

Joey: I didn’t do that! Who would’ve done that?!

The Dry Cleaner: (entering) Son of a bitch!

Phoebe: Okay, maybe ask this guy.

The Dry Cleaner: You, get out of my shop!

Phoebe: Well, what did he do?

The Dry Cleaner: He went out with my wife!

Phoebe: Joey!

Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I—Hey! I did not go out with your wife! (The same woman from before enters.) Okay? I went out with her! (Points at her.)

The Dry Cleaner: That’s my wife!!! Get out! (Starts yelling at him in Russian, and I’m betting he’s not saying pleasant things about him.)

Phoebe: Well, we should go.

Joey: Yeah.

[Scene: Paul’s Bedroom, Elizabeth is entering.]

Elizabeth: Ross? Ross?

Ross: Elizabeth! (He opens one of the bed stands that he has curled himself up into.) Okay. Okay. (She helps him out.) I’m gonna go out this window. (Points to the window next to him.) I’ll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you’re going home, okay?

Elizabeth: Okay!

Rachel: (yelling from the living room) Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don’t go in there! Don’t go in there! I need another soda!

(Ross frantically starts to open the window as Paul enters and traps him halfway out the window.)

Paul: Ross!

Rachel: Oh my God Ross! What in heaven’s name are you doing here?

Ross: (to Elizabeth) And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.

Paul: Ross. You and I are going to have to have a little talk.

Elizabeth: Daddy!

Paul: You’re next!!

Elizabeth: Okay. I didn’t know he was here. (Runs over to Rachel.)

Paul: Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I’ll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"

Ross: Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain…

Paul: No, let me explain! Fired!!

Ross: All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy. (Paul just looks at him.)

Paul: (panicked) What?

Ross: And I too am just a love machine. (Hums a little bit and mimics Paul’s flexing.)

Paul: Ross, let me show you where the guest room is.

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is pacing, waiting for Chandler to return. Chandler enters.]

Monica: (going over to him) I’m so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.

Chandler: I’m not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday. (Does one of those Chandler noises.)

Monica: Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what’s the harm in that?

Chandler: Right here! (Clucks like a chicken for some reason.)

Monica: Chandler, please don’t think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel…

Chandler: Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!

Monica: It was a mistake. Please don’t take this to mean anything, because it doesn’t.

Chandler: Okay.

Monica: Really?

Chandler: Yes, if it really doesn’t mean anything, because you know that I’m just not ready…

Monica: I know! I know.

Chandler: Okay. (They hug.)

Monica: I’m gonna go tell Joey that (laughs) that you’re back. I was really worried about you. (Exits.)

Phoebe: (entering from her room) Hey, did she buy it?

Chandler: Totally.

Phoebe: So did Heldi show you the place?

Chandler: Yeah, it’s beautiful.

Phoebe: I can’t believe you’re gonna ask Monica to marry you!

Chandler: I know.

(They hug.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is going up to the counter.]

Joey: Hey Gunther.

Gunther: Hey! Take these cappuccinos to table 11 and that guy over there (points) wants the biscotti.

Joey: Oh uh, well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.

Gunther: Do you still work here?

Joey: No! No, I quit a long time ago. (Pause) Did I forget to you that one? I’m sorry.

Gunther: Oh that’s cool, I was gonna fire you anyway.

Joey: Great! (Takes his coffee and leaves.)

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Phoebe is at the sink and Chandler is looking at a ring brochure.]

Chandler: Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can’t figure this out! It’s so hard! Should I get her a (turning to each page) Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a—ah-ah! Paper cut!

Phoebe: Now, have you told anyone else?

Chandler: No, I don’t want to tell anybody else because I don’t want Monica to find out.

Phoebe: You told me.

Chandler: Well, it’s because I trust you, you’re one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.

Phoebe: Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn’t been on the toilet.

Chandler: Me too.

(Joey and Ross enter causing Chandler to quickly hide the brochure behind his back.)

Joey: Hey. (Heads straight for the fridge.)

Chandler: Hey.

Phoebe: Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse?

Chandler: Oh all right.

Phoebe: Yeah, coffeehouse.

Ross: Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.

Chandler: Oh well, we don’t because we got…the…other pl-place.

(Joey returns with a piece of pizza as Chandler and Phoebe exit.)

Ross: How rude.

Joey: Oh, I’m sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]

Phoebe: So how are things going with Paul?

Rachel: Good. Although y’know, he-he’s a private guy. Y’know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.

Phoebe: That’s easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won’t open.

Rachel: So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?

Phoebe: No that’s what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.

Paul: (entering) Hi honey.

Rachel: Hi!

Phoebe: (To Rachel) Watch this.

Paul: (To Rachel) How are you?

Rachel: (To Phoebe) Okay.

Phoebe: Hi Paul!

Paul: Hi Phoebe.

Phoebe: So how are things going with you?

Paul: Can’t complain.

(Phoebe turns to Rachel and mimes remove a lid of a jar. Ross enters and Paul motions for Rachel to leave with him now.)

Paul: (whispering) Come on.

Rachel: Okay. (Gets up and starts to leave with Paul.)

Paul: (To Ross) Hey!

Ross: Hi!

(They shake hands and their lines overlap.)

Paul: Ross!

Ross: Great to see you!

Paul: Good to see you too!

Ross: How you doing?

Paul: Good. Bye! (Starts to leave.)

Ross: Okay! You take care!

(Ross turns his back on Paul and makes a ‘I hate that guy’ face. Paul does the same thing.)

Ross: Hey Pheebs, what-what was the deal with you and Chandler blowing us off before?

Phoebe: Yeah! That was so weird, huh?

Ross: Phoebe, why’d you do it?

Phoebe: I didn’t do it! It was Chandler! He’s… He’s mad at you!

Ross: What?! Why?!

Phoebe: Please, I think you know why.

Ross: I can’t think of anything.

Phoebe: Come on Ross, you’re a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.

Ross: Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn’t invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?

Phoebe: Do you think that’s something that he’d be mad at you for?

Ross: I guess it could.

Phoebe: Well then I think that’s it.

Ross: Well, if he’s angry, he really shouldn’t just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.

Phoebe: Oh, if that’s what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Paul and Rachel are getting ready to go out. Paul is entering from the bathroom.]

Paul: Honey I made a reservation at China Garden, is that okay?

Rachel: Yeah that’s great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.

Paul: It was fine.

Rachel: Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?

Paul: I’m thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.

Rachel: Yeah that’s great Paul, but y’know I wanna know what—(Puts her hands on his shoulders)—Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y’know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.

Paul: Are you talking about having sex?

Rachel: No Paul, I don’t know anything about you! Y’know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!

Paul: Normal.

Rachel: Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that’s always a painful time! Y’know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you’re sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.

Paul: Nope! That never happened to me!

Rachel: Well, you’re lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm… The rest of you life, y’know? Any regrets?

Paul: Nope.

Rachel: All right Paul, I’m not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!

Paul: Okay.

Rachel: Okay.

Paul: Okay.

Rachel: All right.

Paul: When I was six years old.

Rachel: Hm-mmm.

Paul: I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.

Rachel: That’s-that’s great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let’s go. (Gets up to leave, but Paul doesn’t move.)

Paul: It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.

Rachel: Oh!

[Time Lapse, Paul is now weeping uncontrollably in Rachel’s arms.]

Paul: And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn’t really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here (points to it) you can see it.

Rachel: Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y’know, you shared your feelings. It’s really, it’s beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?

Paul: Oh, I couldn’t eat now.

Rachel: What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!

Paul: Chicken? (Pointing to himself.) Chicken boy!

Rachel: My God, I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to do that! I wouldn’t do that!

(Paul screams like a chicken and breaks down into tears again.)

[Scene: A Jewelry Shop, Chandler and Phoebe are looking at engagement rings.]

Chandler: Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we’ve been too and I can’t find the perfect ring! (Goes over to another display counter and starts pointing at rings.) Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! (Notices that one of the jewelers is watching him.) It’s a beautiful selection. (The jeweler walks away slowly.)

Phoebe: Okay, so maybe you don’t get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y’know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y’know? Or an engagement tiara? Or—ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.

Chandler: Y’know, I’m so glad I picked you to help me with this.

Phoebe: Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?

Chandler: Yeah, I’m gonna stick with the ring. (Goes to another display counter.) Oh, this one’s nice! (Pointing to another ring.) I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?

Phoebe: (coming over after returning the musket) Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.

Male Jeweler: Can I help you?

Chandler: Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.

Phoebe: Or not, whatever.

Male Jeweler: This ring is from the 1920s, it’s a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.

Chandler: Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you…hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?

Male Jeweler: Okay. (Holds out the ring, deadpan.) Will you marry me?

Chandler: (choking up) Oh my God that’s it, that’s the ring! How much is it?

Phoebe: Chandler, I-I will handle this! (To the jeweler) How much is it?

Male Jeweler: 8,600.

Phoebe: We will give you $10.

Male Jeweler: (angrily) Are you interested in this ring?!

Chandler: Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.

Male Jeweler: Okay, I can let it go at eight.

Phoebe: We stand firm at $10.

Male Jeweler: (ignoring her) How would you like to pay?

Chandler: Uh, credit card. (Reaches for it then realizes) Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. (To Phoebe) Okay, I’ll go get it. You guard the ring.

Phoebe: Okay. (To the jeweler) Listen, I’m sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.

Male Jeweler: Uh yes, I have these two rather beautiful $5 bills. (Holds them up from his pocket.)

Phoebe: I’ll give you $1 for them.

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Joey are there.]

Ross: Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?

Joey: No.

Ross: Remember? You-you were eating pizza.

Joey: Yeah.

Ross: Okay. Well, apparently Chandler’s angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.

Joey: Oh, we’re supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!

Ross: Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y’know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.

Joey: Oh wow that’s a great idea! And I still have his credit card.

Gunther: (handing them the bill) Here you go.

Ross: Oh. (Starts to get his money)

Joey: Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther Chandler’s card.) Y’know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just—I don’t get Chandler. Y’know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don’t get all upset.

Ross: All the time?

Joey: All the time!

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is there as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God!!

Monica: Still crying?

Rachel: Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn’t know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!

Monica: Y’know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.

Rachel: What’s the other one?

Monica: I don’t know, I’ve never had to use the other one. I’m just saying y’know, if we’re having sex, he’s not gonna be talking.

Rachel: Oh that’s right. You’re the talker. (They both reflect on that briefly) Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.

Monica: Oh, we have some…

Rachel: No you don’t!

[Scene: The Jewelry Store, Phoebe is busy trying on virtually everything in the store. She’s got earrings, rings, bracelets, and enough necklaces to put Mr. T to shame on.]

Phoebe: Okay umm, I’d also like to try on the tiara. (The male jeweler hands it to her.) Oh yeah. Okay. (Puts it on.) (To the jeweler) What do you think, too much?

Male Jeweler: A tad.

Phoebe: Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. (He hands it to her and Phoebe poses in front of one of those small mirrors.) Something’s missing. It’s not… Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.

Male Jeweler: (to the female jeweler) Where’s the 1920s princess cut ring.

Female Jeweler: I just sold it to that gentleman. (Points to the one walking out the store.)

Phoebe: Oh my God!! (She runs after him, but sets of the security system, which locks the store’s door and brings down a set of bars behind her, caging her in.) No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now! (Points the musket at them.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Paul is still crying as Chandler enters.]

Paul: Rachel?

Chandler: No. How are ya Paul? (Starts to look for his credit card.)

Paul: (acting manly to try and cover up his crying) Okay. Chandler, did your dad ever hug you?

Chandler: No, did he hug you?!

Paul: No! No! It’s just that, my dad never did. I miss my dad.

Chandler: Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.

Paul: Hey Chandler?

Chandler: Yeah?

Paul: Would you…….Would you hug me?

Chandler: I’m a little busy here Paul.

Paul: That’s exactly what my dad used to say! (Starts to breakdown again.)

Chandler: Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. (Paul rushes over and hugs Chandler tightly.) Oh hey! There you go. (The hug continues.) Okay. (The hug continues.)

Paul: Five more seconds.

Chandler: Okay! (Pushes him away.)

Joey: (entering) Hey!

Paul: Joey! (Goes over and hugs Joey and picks him off of his feet.)

Joey: Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler, "What’s going on?") Hi, Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)

Chandler: Do you have my credit card?

Joey: Yes, it’s in my… In…in my pocket. (Paul hasn’t dropped him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!

Chandler: Thank God! (Grabs his card.)

Joey: Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.

Chandler: Oh, I can’t go.

Joey: Come on! It’ll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and… Paul probably…

[Scene: The Jewelry Store, Chandler is entering with his credit card and Phoebe is holding out another ring for him.]

Phoebe: Chandler, I found the perfect ring. (Holding it out for her.)

Chandler: Oh, that’s uh, that’s pretty nice but I’m gonna go with the one I picked first.

Phoebe: Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It’s over!

Chandler: What?

Phoebe: Some guy bought it. I’m sorry. I tired to stop it but they (points to the jeweler) put me in jail!

Chandler: They put you in jail?

Phoebe: The little jail between the doors!

Chandler: Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!

Phoebe: I know, I’m sorry! But y’know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.

Chandler: Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.

Phoebe: Maybe it was the guy.

Chandler: It was the ring!

[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is on the couch and Joey is entering.]

Ross: Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?

Joey: No! He blew us off!

Ross: What?!

Joey: I know!

Ross: I can’t believe it. (Pause) Can I tell you something? I’m a little mad at him now.

Joey: Can I tell you something? Me too.

Ross: Y’know what? He didn’t want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don’t talk to him at all!

Joey: Ooooh! Freeze him out.

Ross: That’s right!

Joey: I like it!

Ross: Eh? We’ll show him!

Joey: From now on, it’s gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. (They shake hands.) Okay! We’re gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Paul is writing something as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Hi. I’m back.

Paul: Hey! I have so much more to tell ya, I’ve written it all down!

Rachel: Ah that’s great. No actually that’s… (In a sexy voice) That’s great! That’s really great! Y’know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.

Paul: Wait! Wait! Listen! Listen to this! (Flips a couple pages and points to something.) Y’know what I wanted to be when I was that age?

Rachel: A lover?

Paul: A surfer.

Rachel: Oh yeah surfer?

Paul: I wanted to be one with the waves, y’know?

Rachel: Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, (sits on the counter and buttons her sweater to show some cleavage) get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn’t too revealing is it?

Paul: (barely glancing at her) No. What ever happened to that little dude. (Pause) So full of dreams…

Rachel: I don’t care about the little dude! I can’t! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y’know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it’s only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could’ve made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!

Paul: What?! I can’t believe you’re trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!

Rachel: Oh… I’m sorry. I… I-I don’t mean—I didn’t mean to stifle you. I… This is all just a little overwhelming.

Paul: Oh Rachel, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to overwhelm you. It’s just that, when those gates open, you… (Starts to breakdown.) Hard to close ‘em. But they are closed now. Believe me.

Rachel: I’m so glad, I’m so glad you shared. (Feeling his shoulder.) And I’m glad that you’re done. What do you say we umm… (Nods in the direction of the bedroom.)

Paul: I would really like that. (They kiss.)

[Scene: Rachel’s Bedroom, Paul and Rachel are recovering.]

Paul: That was…so good. (Starts crying again.)

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is looking at the ring he bought and not liking it.]

Phoebe: (entering from her room) Hey.

Chandler: I can’t believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!

Phoebe: It’s not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It’s a beautiful ring!

Chandler: No, it’s not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica’s face when I gave it to her, y’know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. (Does so and laughs.) Look, this is the most important thing I’m gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it’s perfect.

Phoebe: Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. ‘Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.

Chandler: I can’t do that.

Phoebe: Well you certainly can’t give her that stupid gumball ring.

[Scene: A Restaurant, Chandler and Phoebe are entering. This is the place where the guy who bought Chandler’s ring is going to propose.]

Phoebe: There he is! (Points.)

Chandler: Okay and he hasn’t proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.

Phoebe: Wow! You’re good! After this, we should solve crimes.

Chandler: Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him.

Phoebe: Oh, okay. (Walks over to him.) Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.

Customer: Who is it?

Phoebe: It is your office.

Customer: Do you know who at my office?

Phoebe: John?

Customer: Oh John! Great!

(She brings him over to Chandler.)

Phoebe: (To Chandler) Here he is.

Chandler: (to him) Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you’re about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I’m gonna need to have that back. (The guy isn’t sure.) But, in exchange I’m willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. (Looking at the ring.) Ew.

Phoebe: Wow! I would trade.

Customer: It is beautiful, but I’m gonna use this one. Now, if you’ll excuse me.

Chandler: No-no! This is my fiancee (Phoebe) and her heart was set on that ring. You don’t want to break her heart now do you?

Phoebe: Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman’s heart?

Customer: You’re dying?!

(Phoebe coughs.)

Chandler: Yeah, she’s dying… Of a cough apparently.

Phoebe: Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I’m not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity…

Chandler: (interrupting her) Okay, that’s enough honey!

Customer: I don’t know. (Pause) Let me see the ring.

Chandler: Great! Okay, here. (Holds the ring up for him.)

Customer: (looks at it) All right. (Exchanges rings.)

Chandler: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! (To his girlfriend) And you are about to marry a wonderful man! (She stunned and he’s horrified.) Hey! I’m marrying a dead woman!

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are watching TV as Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Guys? (They ignore him.) I’ve got something important to tell ya. (Still nothing so he walks over and stands in front of the TV.) Guys? (They lean over to try and watch the TV, Chandler mimics them.) Guys?! (Pause) I’m gonna ask Monica to marry me.

Joey: (To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.

Ross: Wait a minute, is this, is this for real?

Chandler: Yeah, check out the ring. (Shows it to them.)

Joey: Oh my God!!

Ross: So you two are really serious?!

Chandler: Yep, pretty much.

Ross: You-you’re gonna get married?! I mean… We’re gonna be brothers-in-law! (They hug.)

Joey: And-and-and-and-and-and, and we’re gonna be friends again!

Chandler: (goes to hug him and stops short) Heyyyy—What?

Joey: Oh it’s water under the bridge, forget it!

Chandler: Okay! (They hug.) I was gonna wait ‘til uh, it was official y’know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you’re my best friends.

Joey: I think I’m gonna cry!

Rachel: (who has just entered) Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I’ll dump you too!

(Ross and Joey urge Chandler to tell Rachel.)

Chandler: I’m gonna ask Monica to marry me.

Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh Chandler!! (Hugs him.) You guys are gonna be so happy!

Chandler: I know.

Joey: (holding an empty tissue box) Where’s all the tissues?! (Throws the box down in disgust.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, continued from earlier. Chandler is showing Rachel the ring.]

Chandler: Check out the ring.

Rachel: (gasps) Nice! One and a half carat easy.

Phoebe: (entering) Hi.

Ross: Hey-hey Pheebs!

Phoebe: What?

Ross: Chandler’s gonna ask Monica to marry him!

Phoebe: Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring.

(Chandler laughs, turns, and sees that Ross and Joey aren’t happy.)

Ross: You told her before you told us?

Chandler: Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? (Ross and Joey look at each other and go back to watching the game on TV.) Guys? Guys? (Walks in front of them again.)

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is showing Ross, Rachel, Joey, and Phoebe his engagement ring again.]

Ross: God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!

Rachel: Yeah? Well, you should know. You’ve bought like a billion of ‘em.

Ross: Yeah, you didn’t get one.

Chandler: Okay, well tonight’s the big night.

Phoebe: Yeah!

Joey: Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?

Chandler: It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I’m just gonna propose.

Rachel: Ohh…

Joey: That sounds perfect!

Chandler: Yeah.

Joey: You’re gonna mess it up let me do it.

Chandler: I’m not gonna mess it up.

Phoebe: If she says no, can I have the ring?

Chandler: She’s not gonna say no.

Phoebe: If!

Monica: (entering) Hey!

Ross: Hey!

(Monica’s entrance makes Phoebe try to hide the ring by putting it in her mouth.)

Chandler: Hey!

Phoebe: (with her mouthful) Hi Monica.

(Monica goes into her room.)

Chandler: (To Phoebe) Give me it!

Phoebe: It’s gone.

Chandler: Phoebe!

(She takes it out of her mouth and hands it to him as Monica returns from her room and this time forcing Chandler to put the ring in his mouth.)

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: (with his mouthful) Hi Monica.

(She goes into the bathroom.)

Phoebe: (To Chandler) We’re practically kissing. (Makes a kissy face and winks at him.)

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey are there as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: (entering) Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Hey Rach!

Rachel: Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?

Chandler: (glaring at her) Well, Monica and Chandler can’t go. We’re going to dinner remember?!

Rachel: Oh my God, I’m so sorry.

Monica: What’s the big deal?

Chandler: I just get mad when Rachel doesn’t remember where we’re going.

Joey: Where are you going?

(Chandler stares at him.)

Rachel: How about you guys? (Points to Phoebe and Joey.)

Phoebe: Open bar?

Rachel: I think so.

Phoebe: I can do that for the kids.

Joey: Hey, y’know what? I’ll come too. I’m making money now; it’s about time I give something back.

Chandler: Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.

Joey: Okay. Have a benefit.

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Rachel: Hey! Ross, listen can you come to a charity event tonight?

Ross: Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth.

Chandler: Oh, so you’re already doing your part for the kids.

Ross: I’m sorry, it’s just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp—to be a counselor!

Monica: Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?

Chandler: Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn’t agree to that!

Monica: Do you really see this as a long-term thing?

Ross: I don’t know.

Phoebe: Y’know, you are 12 years older than her.

Ross: Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?

All: Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I’m sorry.

Ross: Uh-uh—Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn’t really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I’m the one dating Elizabeth, not you!

Joey: That’s not what she said last night. (Ross glares at him.)

Rachel: See? Now, he could date her.

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is practicing proposing.]

Chandler: Will you marry me? Will you marry me? (Makes like a gun with his fingers.) Hey, you marry me! (He gives up as Joey, Rachel, Phoebe, and Ross slink in all excited.) What’s going on little elves?

Joey: It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!

Ross: Yeah, yeah you have the ring?

Chandler: Yeah, right here in my pocket. (Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.) Pheebs?

Phoebe: Oh! Oop! (Hands him back the ring.)

Chandler: Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know.

Ross: (to the rest of them) Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here!

(Monica enters from the bedroom.)

Monica: Hi guys.

Chandler: (To Monica) You are beautiful.

Monica: Oh, thank you! (The gang exhibits signs of quiet apprehension and wears knowing glances.) (Monica giggles.) What’s going on?

Rachel: (breaking up) We’re just really…very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.

[Scene: The Charity Event, they’re holding a silent auction, Rachel is looking at one of the items and Phoebe walks up and hands her a glass of wine.]

Phoebe: Here.

Rachel: Oh! Thank you!

Phoebe: So now what’s going on here?

Rachel: Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.

Phoebe: No, I know what a silent is I meant, what’s going on with your hair?

Rachel: (suddenly worried) Uh, wh-why?

Phoebe: No! It’s nice!

(Rachel’s boss, Mr. Thompson walks up.)

Mr. Thompson: Nice to see you Rachel.

Rachel: Oh, hi!

Mr. Thompson: So glad you brought someone.

Rachel: Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. (She introduces them.) He’s the head of my department.

Phoebe: Oh, hi. (They shake hands.)

Rachel: And I also brought my friend Joey…

Joey: (behind them) Oh!! Shrimp toast! (Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)

Rachel: Well, y’know I-I don’t know where he is.

Mr. Thompson: Well, I hope you’re gonna bid on some things Rachel.

Rachel: Well, y’know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.

Mr. Thompson: Ohh, nice choice.

Rachel: Yeah.

Mr. Thompson: Good luck.

Rachel: Thank you. (Mr. Thompson walks away and after he’s left.) Okay, (writing her bid down) twenty dollars.

[Scene: Elizabeth’s Dorm Room, Ross is walking up to her door and knocks on it. Suddenly the door opens and Elizabeth drags him into the room.]

{Transcriber’s Note: Elizabeth has two friends in the room with her who are named in the credits, but not in this scene. So I’m just gonna guess since it doesn’t matter one way or the other. (The last part is to discourage e-mails, who cares if I got it right or not?)}

Zoe: Shut the door! Shut the door!! (Runs over and closes the door.)

Ross: What’s-what’s going on?

Elizabeth: The guys across the hall are throwing water balloons at us.

Ross: Oh, you have to call the police! That’s what I did to the kids in my building!

Elizabeth: No, it’s a water balloon fight! We started it!

Ross: Oh! (Does a laugh/groan.) Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it’s supposed to be excellent. The director is the same…

Elizabeth: (ignoring him and picking up a pitcher) Who drank all the Kamikazes?

Sarah: (approaching with two filled balloons in her hands) Nobody! We put them in here! (Indicates the aforementioned balloons causing both of them to scream in delight and start drinking from the balloons.)

Elizabeth: (To Ross) You want some?! (Starts to squirt the Kamikaze at him.)

Ross: No! Okay! Okay! (Stops her.) Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second?

Elizabeth: Yeah, sure.

Ross: Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It’s-it’s gotten great reviews! Y’know the uh…

(Suddenly the door opens and two guys come rushing in wielding water balloons.)

First Dorm Guy: Attack!

(They start lobbing the balloons in. Ross desperately tries to get out of the line of fire but is struck in the back. The girls all retreat to relative safety behind the couch.)

Second Dorm Guy: Put your balloons down!

The Girls: You put your balloons down!!

First Dorm Guy: You put your balloons down!!

(Both opposing camps start screaming at each other to drop their weapons and surrender. Finally, Ross steps in as a mediator.)

Ross: (screaming) Everybody put their balloons down!!! (There is a temporary cease fire.) Now this is a nice suit!! (Shows everyone where he was hit.)

[Scene: The Charity Event, Mr. Thompson is announcing the winners of the silent auction.]

Mr. Thompson: Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. (Pause.) It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300.

Rachel: Ugh! So close!

(Phoebe returns a with a tray full of different kinds of drinks.)

Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look!

Joey: Hey!

Phoebe: I got me some drinks!

Rachel: What are you doing?

Phoebe: Open bar!

Rachel: Well now it’s an empty bar.

Phoebe: You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you?

Mr. Thompson: And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman’s day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000! (Joey suddenly gets excited.)

Joey: I won! That was my guess!

Rachel: What?! What?! What?!

Joey: I guessed 20,000!

Rachel: Joey! It is an auction! You don’t guess, you buy!

Joey: What?! I don’t have 20,000!

Mr. Thompson: Congratulations on your new boat, Joey Tribbiani!!

(Everyone applauds and he stands up slowly.)

Rachel: Joey! Sit down! (Pulls him down.)

Phoebe: Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a salute.]

[Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Chandler are sitting at a table. Monica is checking her makeup as Chandler suddenly has a horrifying thought and starts patting down his pockets until he finds what he’s looking for and sighs in relief.]

Monica: What are you doing?

Chandler: (trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart) One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. (Laughs.) I remembered it. (It’s a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends.) The champagne is here. (The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.)

Monica: Are you okay?

Chandler: Yes! Yes! I’m good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything—are you—are you perrr-perfect?!

Monica: Yeah. I’m okay. I’m actually—I’m a little cold, can I have your jacket?

Chandler: Oh, yeah. (Starts to take it off and then realizes) Uh, no you can’t have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should’ve brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?

Monica: (laughs) Are you sure you’re okay?

Chandler: Yes! I’m fine. In fact I’ve been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.

Monica: Ohh that’s sweet!

Chandler: Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn’t imagine growing old with…

(As he’s talking Monica notices someone familiar has just entered the restaurant. Let’s see; I seem to remember him driving a Ferrari in Hawaii solving crimes as a private investigator and as a certain eye doctor in more recent times.)

Monica: (interrupting him) Oh my God!

Chandler: (not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation) I know, but just let me say it.

Monica: Oh my God, Richard. (Yep, Richard’s back.)

Chandler: What?! I’m Chandler! (She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks) Oh, that’s Richard!

Monica: Oh God, maybe he won’t see us. Richard!

(Monica smiles then acts shocked. Chandler can’t believe she just did that.)

Richard: (approaching them with a woman in tow) Monica! Chandler!

Chandler: Hey-hey, hey! (Gets up and hugs him.) I don’t know why I did that!

Monica: Hey, it’s good to see you!

Richard: You too, you let uh, your hair grow long.

Monica: Yeah—Oh that’s right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.

Richard: Well, my nose got lonely.

Chandler: (to Richard’s date) And uh, you don’t have a mustache which is good. (She just smiles.) I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable.

Richard’s Date: Hi, I’m Lisa.

Chandler: Hi.

Richard: Oh, I’m sorry. (Introduces them.) Lisa, (nodding at each) Monica, Chandler. We used to date.

Chandler: Richard! No one supposed to know about us! (Richard just smiles at him.) See I, did it again.

Monica: Chandler, wh-why don’t we sit down?

Chandler: Yeah, I’ll sit down. (He slides back into his chair.)

Monica: (to Richard) It’s good to see you

Matire'd: (to Richard) You’re table’s ready sir.

Richard: Oh. Good to see you guys.

Chandler: Yes. (Thinking he’s gone.)

Matire'd: (motioning to the empty table next to Monica and Chandler’s) Or if you prefer, this table is available.

Richard: That might be fun. (Richard and Lisa sit down.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: The Charity Event, Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey are sitting at their table.]

Rachel: What were you thinking?!

Joey: I didn’t know it was an auction!

Rachel: Wh?!

Joey: I figured, take a guess, help a charity, free boat!

Rachel: Why would a charity give away a free boat?!

Joey: I don’t know! Charity?

Rachel: Ugh!

Phoebe: Well, just buy the damn boat! (She’s still working her way through her tray of booze.)

Rachel: Phoebe, don’t you think you’ve had enough to drink?

Phoebe: I’m just helping the kids!

Rachel: How is you drinking helping the kids?

Phoebe: Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink.

Mr. Thompson: (approaching) Mr. Tribbiani.

Joey: Oh hi!

Mr. Thompson: Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth center.

Joey: Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth?

Mr. Thompson: I think it was valued at 19,000

Joey: (To Rachel) Hey, I was pretty close. (She just glares at him.) Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can’t buy the boat, I don’t have any money.

(Mr. Thompson looks shocked and at Rachel, she suddenly starts laughing.)

Rachel: Joey! Joey, good one! (Mr. Thompson starts to laugh.)

Mr. Thompson: That’s good. Very good! (Walks away.)

(After he’s left, Rachel stops laughing and glares at Joey again.)

Joey: So uh listen, I think I’m gonna take off now. (Starts to get up.)

Rachel: (stopping him) Hey! You…can’t…leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!

Joey: Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don’t have that kind of money!

Rachel: I know. Okay. (Whispering and thinking.) Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we’re gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you’re just gonna pay the difference.

Joey: Okay.

Rachel: Okay.

Joey: Look, I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!

Rachel: Not great.

[Scene: The Restaurant, Monica and Chandler’s and Richard and Lisa’s tables have been pushed together and they’re all eating and talking.]

Monica: And so, we’re hiding in the bathroom.

Richard: And-and then I sneak out and before Monica can her parents come in.

Monica: So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they’re going at it right on the bathroom floor.

Lisa: (laughing) Oh my God!

{Transcriber’s Note: For further reading on the above story, please check out The One Where Joey Moves Out.}

Chandler: I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.

(An awkward silence ensues.)

Richard: It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast. (Everyone raises their glasses) Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it’s morning and is refreshed."

Monica: Ohh.

Chandler: What?!

(They all drink.)

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Chandler are returning to find Ross is there waiting for them.]

Ross: Oh my God, you guys!! (He’s excited about what he thought happened.)

Chandler: (stopping him from going any further) Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!

Ross: Who?

Chandler: Richard!

Ross: What? (Excited) A-ohh! (Realizes) Ohh. Oh that’s right that’s right. That’s Richard’s favorite place too.

Chandler: Oh you knew that. Good!

Monica: I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.

Ross: Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.

Monica: Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can’t get out of!

Ross: Y’know, maybe she is too young for me. Y’know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don’t know what to do.

Monica: Why don’t you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that’s what I did when I first (looks at Chandler and pauses) weighing stuff.

Ross: Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I’m-I’m 12 years older than she is.

Monica: If the school finds out you’re fired.

Ross: Hmm.

Monica: She’s leaving for three months.

Chandler: For camp!

Ross: Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she’s-she’s sweet and pretty and…

Monica: Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? (Ross pauses in consideration.) Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn’t you?!

Ross: No! No! I…didn’t do that. It’s just… Okay, honestly no. I don’t, I don’t see a big future with her.

Monica: Okay well I think…that’s your answer.

Ross: I’ve got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.

Chandler: Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you’re not careful you may not get married at all this year!

[Scene: The Charity Event, Rachel and Phoebe are sitting at the table as Joey approaches.]

Joey: Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest bidder is at table one.

Rachel: Oh great!

Joey: (To Phoebe) Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.

Phoebe: Oh, okay.

Rachel: (To Phoebe) Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip?

Phoebe: It’s a trip for two! (She gets up and takes off her blouse-type thingy she’s wearing over her dress.) Excuse me. (She walks over to table four.) Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?

Emil Alexander: That was me.

Phoebe: Oh, en chante. (She holds out her hand for him to kiss it, but he only shakes it.)

{Transcriber’s Note: Please correct my French here.}

[Cut to Joey and Rachel approaching table one.]

Joey: Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table?

Mr. Bowmont: That’s me.

Joey: Ahh, yes. (Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.)

Rachel: Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.

Joey: You-you have to pay that! It’s not just a guess.

Rachel: (To Joey) Okay. Okay. (Shushes him.)

Mr. Bowmont: I was actually relieved uh I didn’t win the boat. My wife would’ve killed me.

Rachel: Ohh…

Joey: Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat!

Rachel: Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife’s name?

Mr. Bowmont: It’s Pam.

Rachel: Pam! Oh God okay, just imagine this, "The Pam."

Joey: Aw-awww!

Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think she’d like that.

Rachel: Okay, uh-uh imagine this, "The Mr. Bowmont."

Joey: Oooooh…

Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think so dear.

Rachel: Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. (She sits down next to him.) All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve got the wind in your h—(sees that he’s bald)—arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you’ve always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin’! You can—ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you’re old, Cappy.

Mr. Bowmont: What the hell, it’s for a good cause! All right!

Joey: No way! It’s mine!!

Rachel: (To Joey) What?! What?!

Joey: All that stuff you just said? I want that!

Rachel: But Joey you don’t have $20,000!

Joey: Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is taking out the garbage as Phoebe and Joey enter. Phoebe gasps.]

Joey: Oh my God, you’re back!

Phoebe: Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! (Chandler is frantically trying to wave them off.)

Monica: Why do you want to see my hand?

Phoebe: I wanna see what’s in your hand. I wanna see the trash.

Joey: Yeah.

(Chandler puts his face in his hands as Joey and Phoebe start to examine the trash.)

Phoebe: Eww! Oh, it’s all dirty. You should throw this out.

Monica: (suspiciously) Okay. (Exits to carry out Phoebe’s wishes.)

Chandler: (after the door closes) What did you guys just do?!

Phoebe: What happened?

Chandler: Richard was there so I couldn’t do it!

Joey: What?! Noooo… (Phoebe gasps.)

Chandler: I’m gonna do it tomorrow y’know, and-and surprise her, but now you’ve ruined it!

Joey: We didn’t ruin it!

Chandler: Who walks into a room and asks to see a person’s hands?!

Phoebe: Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor…

Joey: Glove salesman!

Phoebe: Good one! Yeah.

Chandler: This is terrible. What am I going to do?

Phoebe: Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn’t know for sure, so just throw her off the track.

Chandler: That’s right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.

Phoebe: Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little coward!

Chandler: I can do that, I’ve had 30 years of practice.

Joey: Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off! (They give each other fives.)

Monica: (entering) I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!

Joey: That guy’s still doing that?!

Rachel: (entering) Hey! (Sees Monica, gasps, and runs over to her.) Oh my God you’re here, let me see your hand!!

Phoebe: No, you’re too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!

[Scene: Outside of Elizabeth’s dormitory, Ross is exiting after breaking up with her and we can hear his thoughts.]

Ross: (in his head) Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn’t seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?

Elizabeth: (sticking her head out her window) Ross! Wait!

Ross: Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about…

Elizabeth: You suck!!

Ross: What?!

(She throws a water balloon at him and hits him on the head and hits him again at the waist with another one.)

Ross: Okay, break-up’s still on!

[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is looking out the window and Joey is sitting on the couch.]

Chandler: Okay, okay, here she comes! (Sits on the couch next to him.) How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn’t want to get married?

Joey: Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. (They both squint at each other.) I never noticed that before.

Monica: (entering) Hi guys!

Joey: Hey!

Chandler: Hey!

Monica: What are you up too?

Chandler: Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites. (Joey laughs.) Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.

Joey: (laughs) Yeah, Big Brother.

Monica: Well that’s a little crazy. Although I am y’know glad to hear that you’re branching out on what you look at on the Internet.

Chandler: Yeah, well… Y’know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?

Monica: Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!

Chandler: Eh…

Monica: Okay well that’s good to know.

(We hear the backup horn of a truck and see through the window that the Mr. Bowmont has arrived.)

Joey: (all excited) The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!! (Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)

[Scene: Monica’s Restaurant’s kitchen, she’s cooking as a waitress sticks her head in.]

Waitress: Hey Monica, there’s a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in?

Monica: Sure, I love this part! (Starts to look busy.)

Waitress: (to the customer) Come on in.

(The customer turns out to be…)

Richard: Hi!

Monica: Richard!

Richard: Actually, I’m not here to complement the chef.

Monica: Ohh… Oh, that’s okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what’s up?

Richard: Well, it was great seeing you the other night.

Monica: Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?

Richard: No! I came here to tell you something else. (Pause) I came here (Pause) to tell you I still love you.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Monica’s Restaurant, continued from earlier.]

Monica: What uh—What did you—What?!

Richard: I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn’t even be here telling you this, I mean you’re with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he’s straight I’ll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn’t tell ya I’d regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.

Monica: Y’know you’re really not supposed to be back here!

Richard: Well yeah, I’m sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.

Monica: Oh God… (Starts looking around.) Why don’t they put chairs back here?!

Richard: I know this is crazy but am I too late?

Monica: What the… Yes you’re too late! Where was all this three years ago?!

Richard: Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y’know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!

Monica: What were you doing in Africa?

Richard: Working with blind kids.

Monica: Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I… I’m sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.

Richard: Okay that’s fine, I’ll walk away. And I’ll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler’s willing to give you everything I am.

Monica: Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I’m the one that’s making him wait!

Richard: You are?

Monica: Yeah!

Richard: Why?

Monica: Why? Because of the government.

[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is bringing Phoebe some coffee.]

Rachel: Isn’t it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin’ married.

Phoebe: I know, they’re gonna be so happy together.

Rachel: Ohh… I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?

Phoebe: Not that often!

Rachel: No! I’m so happy for them!

Phoebe: Me too! So happy for them!

Rachel: I’m so happy and not at all jealous.

Phoebe: Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!

(They both take a drink of coffee.)

Rachel: I mean I’m probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what’s 2%? That’s nothing.

Phoebe: Totally. I’m like 90/10.

Rachel: Yeah me too.

(Joey enters looking like Captain Stubing from the Love Boat.)

Joey: Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?

Rachel: (staring at him) Wh—no, but y’know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.

[Scene: A Pizza Joint, Chandler and Monica are eating lunch.]

Monica: So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don’t really believe that do you?

Chandler: Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don’t mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that’s just an ordinary pig not even a pig that’s good at sports!

Monica: Yeah, but that’s pigs not people!

Chandler: If marriage worked, I’d be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.

Monica: Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?

Chandler: Well, never say never but y’know probably uh yeah, never.

Monica: Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!

Chandler: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don’t you put down your copy of ‘The Rules’ huh mantrap?!

Monica: Y’know what?! I gotta go! Ugh!

(She gets up and storms out. The people at the other tables are staring at Chandler.)

Chandler: (to them) It’s okay, I got a plan.

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are still talking.]

Rachel: We’re gonna find love!

Phoebe: Definitely!

Rachel: Yeah, I’m pretty confident about that. That’s what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.

Phoebe: What do you mean?

Rachel: Well y’know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they’re 40, they marry each other.

Phoebe: You mean a backup?

Rachel: Exactly!

Phoebe: Yeah, yeah I got that.

Rachel: You do?

Phoebe: Hm-mmm.

Rachel: Who?

Phoebe: Joey.

Rachel: Joey?!

Phoebe: Yeah!

Rachel: Are you serious?!

Phoebe: Yeah, I locked him years ago!

Rachel: Wh… So… If neither of you are married by the time you’re 40, you’re gonna marry Joey.

Phoebe: Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.

Rachel: Oh, seriously?

Phoebe: Ohh, yeah. I think his exact words were… (She makes two clicking sounds with her tongue and purrs.)

Rachel: Charming.

Phoebe: Well hey, it’s just a backup.

Rachel: Yeah.

[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey, still looking like Captain Stubing, is practicing his slipknots as Monica enters.]

Joey: Hey Monica!

Monica: Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?

Joey: This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?

Monica: Yeah, it’s great.

Joey: Whoa-whoa, what’s the matter?! Talk to the captain!

Monica: I’m just having one of those days where you realize you’re in a dead-end relationship!

Joey: Chandler giving you a hard time huh?

Monica: It’s not like I want to get married tomorrow! It’s just that I-I’d like to believe that I’m in a relationship that’s actually going somewhere, that I’m not just wasting my time!

Joey: Well, you know Chandler.

Monica: No I don’t know Chandler! Not anymore! It’s like it’s like something’s changed.

Joey: Maybe you changed?

Monica: I didn’t change!

Joey: Maybe that’s the problem.

Monica: What?!

Joey: Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.

Monica: Is that some kind of boat talk?

Joey: I don’t know! (All excited) I haven’t totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.

Monica: What does he think? Does he think I’m just gonna wait around for nothing?

Joey: Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!

Monica: (starts for the door) Well there’s some people who do want to marry me.

Joey: There are?

Monica: Yeah! Richard!

Joey: R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?!

Monica: That’s right.

Joey: Chandler loves marriage!!

Monica: You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he’s a-a complex fellow who’s unlikely to take a wife! That-that he’s against marriage and always will be!

Joey: You got that from what I said?!

[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is watching a show about the extinction of the dinosaurs.]

Narrator: When the Cretaceous period ended, the dinosaurs were gone.

Ross: What happened you guys?

(There’s a knock on the door, he shuts the TV off, and answers it.)

Ross: Rach!

Rachel: Hey you!

Ross: Hey, come on in.

Rachel: Oh thank you. Hey y’know, I’m so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.

Ross: Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we’d be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn’t meant to be.

Rachel: Yeah, love. It’s a tricky business isn’t it?

Ross: I guess so.

Rachel: So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we’re 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we’ve-we’ve already slept together so y’know there’ll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What’s that?!"

Ross: Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.

Rachel: Exactly.

Ross: Ohh, yeah I already have one.

Rachel: What? Who?

Ross: Phoebe.

Rachel: Phoebe?! Wait a—but-but she just, she said that Joey was her backup.

Ross: Ohh, I don’t think so.

Rachel: Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!

Ross: That’s impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is entering to find Joey, still looking like Captain Stubing, on the phone.]

Joey: Where the hell have you been?!

Chandler: I was making a coconut phone with the professor.

Joey: Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!

Chandler: What?!

Joey: Yeah! Yeah, I’ve been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these (lifts a leg) damn boat shoes wouldn’t keep flying off!

Chandler: My—Oh my God!

Joey: I know! They suck!!

Chandler: He’s not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I’m supposed to do that!

Joey: I know!

Chandler: Well what… Y’know what I’m gonna do? I’m gonna go over there; I’m gonna kick his ass! (Pause) Will you help me?!

Joey: Look, Chandler I don’t think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!

Chandler: You’re right.

Joey: Yeah!

Chandler: Okay. (Starts running for the bedroom) I’m gonna get the ring! I’m gonna get the ring! (Does so) I’m gonna go find her and (starts running for the door) I’m just going to propose!

Joey: Okay.

Chandler: Okay great.

Joey: Dude-dude-dude!

Chandler: What?!

Joey: Let me know about that coconut phone, it might great for the boat.

Commercial Break

[Scene: Richard’s Apartment, he’s smoking a cigar and reading a book as there is a knock on the door. He gets up and opens the door to reveal…]

Monica: Hi.

Richard: Hi.

Monica: I don’t know why I’m here.

Richard: I didn’t ask. You wanna come in?

Monica: I don’t know.

Richard: Oh, okay. Well, I’ll just leave the door open and go sit on the couch. (Does so.)

Monica: (entering) Chandler is such an idiot!

Richard: (standing up quickly) Drink?

Monica: Yeah, I’ll have a scotch…

Richard: …on the rocks with a twist? I remember. (Goes to make her drink.)

Monica: (moving over to the couch) Still smoking cigars?

Richard: Uh, no! No! That’s…art! If it bothers you I can put my art out.

Monica: No that’s, that’s okay.

Richard: So Monica let me ask you a question. Y’know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me?

Monica: Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.

Richard: Oh really?

Monica: Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don’t like my new eye doctor.

Richard: Who is it?

Monica: Edward Nevski?

Richard: Yeah he’s no good. Do you ever (pause) think about me in a (pause) non-eye doctor way?

Monica: No.

Richard: Ahh.

Monica: But getting over was the hardest thing that I’ve ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.

(Richard mouths, "Wow!")

[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is reading as Rachel enters.]

Rachel: Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two backups!

Phoebe: Of course I can! It’s just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I’ve already lost Chandler!

Rachel: What?!

Joey: (entering) Hey!

Ross: (entering) Hey!

Joey: Phoebe! We’re both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!

Ross: Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!

Phoebe: I don’t—Look I don’t know what you’re complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation!

(At the same time.)

Joey: No we weren’t!

Ross: I was not!

Phoebe: Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we’re married!

Rachel: Phoebe you can’t have both of them! You have to pick one!

Joey: Pick me!!

Ross: No! Pick me! I don’t want to end up an old maid!

Phoebe: All right well let’s see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat—This is hard!

Joey: This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!

Ross: Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too!

(Rachel gets all happy.)

Phoebe: No wait! Just—Okay—Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don’t make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.

Rachel: Oh God, Phoebe!

Phoebe: (To Rachel) I’m talking about massages.

Rachel: Oh.

(She turns her head away and when she’s not looking, Phoebe shakes her head and mouths, "No, I’m not." Both Joey and Ross smile, look at each other, and then stop smiling.)

Rachel: Okay, y’know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we’re gonna do! I’m gonna write Joey on one napkin (does so) and I’m gonna right Ross on the other napkin (does so) and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?

Joey: Okay that’s fair.

Ross: All right.

Phoebe: Good!

(Rachel mixes them up in her hands, moves them all around, and puts her hands behind her back.)

Rachel: Pick one.

Phoebe: Left! (Rachel hands her the napkin in her left hand and they both unfold and read them.) Thank you.

Rachel: You’re welcome.

Phoebe: (reading) Ross!

Rachel: (reading) Joey! (Pause) We should just switch.

Phoebe: Yeah absolutely! (They both switch.)

Joey: Yeah.

[Scene: Richard’s Apartment, Monica is looking around and notices an African mask hanging on the wall.]

Monica: (to the mask) I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak!

Richard: Excuse me?

Monica: Oh! (Laughs and points at the mask.) Him.

Richard: Oh. (Laughs.) Whew!

Monica: I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up’s apartment! Y’know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!

Richard: Yeah! You’re saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.

Monica: Y’know, let’s face it, I’m not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don’t want that!

Richard: I think that’s fair.

Monica: Fair? Please don’t even talk to me about fair! Fair would’ve been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would’ve been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!

Richard: It’s okay! Shh! Hey. Hey. (Hugs her) Shhhh.

Monica: Nothing. (She backs away a little bit but is still in his arms and looks up at his eyes.) I don’t kn—Umm. I don’t know. Umm…

Richard: I know. (Backs away.)

Monica: Y’know, I-I… I have to figure…some st—Y’know, some stuff before I can…

Richard: Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. (Pause) Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it. I’ll be here. Not smoking. (Monica leaves.)

[Scene: Richard’s Apartment, time lapse. Richard is smoking as he hears a knock on the door. He quickly puts out his cigar and opens the door.]

Richard: Chandler.

Chandler: Where is she? I’m not scared of you! (Averts his eyes and walks in.)

Richard: She’s not here and please come in.

Chandler: (examining the coffee table) Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!

Richard: Okay, she was here, but she left.

Chandler: Well where did she go?

Richard: Well she said she had to think things over.

Chandler: Oh my God, I can’t believe this! Y’know, I thought…I thought you were a good guy.

Richard: Oh, hey look nothing happened.

Chandler: Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn’t tell my girlfriend that you love her?

Richard: Well all right, one thing happened?

Chandler: Y’know what? I can’t believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!

Richard: Well I’m sorry.

Chandler: And what does she have to think about? I love her!

Richard: Well, apparently I’m willing to offer her things that you are not.

Chandler: But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y’know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she’d be surprised!

Richard: Well if it helps, it worked very well.

Chandler: It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn’t fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! (Sits down heavily.) I was gonna propose tonight.

Richard: You were gonna propose? (Sits on the arm of the couch.)

Chandler: Yeah I even (pause) got a ring. (Puts in on the center cushion.) Did you get a ring?

Richard: No I don’t have a ring! (Pause) You go get her Chandler. (Pause) And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don’t let her go. Trust me.

Chandler: Y’know Richard…you are a good guy.

Richard: I know. (Pause) I hate that!

(Chandler gets up and runs out, but as soon as the door closes behind him he opens it, runs back in, picks up his ring Richard is holding up for him, and runs back out.)

[Scene: The Hallway, Chandler is running up the stairs and towards his apartment, but Joey is taking out the garbage at the same time and stops him in the hall.]

Joey: Dude!

Chandler: I can’t talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!

Joey: She’s gone.

Chandler: What?

Joey: She’s gone. She had a bag and she left.

Chandler: What are you talking about?

Joey: She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.

Chandler: Well why didn’t you stop her?! Why didn’t you just tell her it was a plan?!

Joey: I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn’t believe me.

Chandler: Well where… Where did she go?

Joey: To her parent’s I think and she said you shouldn’t call her. But if I were you I would.

Chandler: I can’t believe I ruined this.

Joey: I am so sorry man.

(He walks dejectedly into his apartment to find it lit with about a thousand candles and Monica standing in the living room.)

Monica: You wanted it to be a surprise.

(He turns to look at Joey who smiles slyly and closes the door leaving them alone.)

Chandler: Oh my God.

(Monica gets down on one knee.)

Monica: Chandler… In all my life… I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to…fall in love with my best…my best… There’s a reason why girls don’t do this!

Chandler: Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought… (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?

Monica: Yes.

(The crowd goes wild as he puts the ring on her finger. They hug and kiss this time as an engaged couple.)

Monica: I knew you were likely to take a wife!

(They hug again.)

Joey: (yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!

Monica: Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We’re engaged!!!

(Everyone screams and has a group hug.)

Rachel: Ohhh, this is the least jealous I’ve ever been!

Phoebe: Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn’t here!

Monica: Oh…

Rachel: Oh hell, he’s done this three times! He knows what its about!

Joey: Yeah!

(They all hug again.)

Ending Credits

[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, it’s just Monica and Chandler dancing to Wonderful Tonight on the Slowhand album by Eric Clapton. And you can buy that album from the CFSI, just click on the CDNow link.]

